The film,however,is all good.
The plot is deceptively simple.
He even gets a bee sting.
He gets several bee stings.
Broderick here is playing the mr.
Witherspoon is a revelation.
It is bad enough that mr.
Even so,there's no logical reason why mr.
M has an affair when he does.
But oh,how enjoyable that manipulation is.
Again,the storyline is as cliched as they come.
He doesn't let us get bored with the imagery.
Jackie chan is the barry sanders of moviemaking.
And misuse firearms.
Just go see the movie.
Some colonial masters were better than others.
Visually,the film is very powerful.
Perhaps this last scene was the problem.
Mostly it's laughable.
As the legend of drunken master.
Aka siunin wong fei-hung tsi titmalau.
Then comes the setup.
The race has no rules.
Owen templeton(cuba gooding jr.
Is currently the most hated man in america.
But enough carping.
It takes a pretty smart person to do that.
What if he's also able to think on his feet.
Gary gray's the negotiator.
Although it wouldn't surprise me if he did.
His is an interesting character.
Gray really lucked out with this cast.
Both provide some pretty good entertainment.
Critique:i'm a sucker for movies like this.
Dreams can come true.
Where's joblo coming from.
They get into an accident.
Watch the movie and"sorta"find out.
So what are the problems with the movie.
Do we really need to see it over and over again.
Where's joblo coming from.
Little do they know the power within.
Sounds like a cool movie,does it not.
And with it comes every single clich.
Avoid this film at all costs.
Quest for camelot"is warner bros.
In the end,it's a tie--they all win.
Welles certainly makes it look easy.
Scott in paul schrader's"hardcore.
That's exactly how long the movie felt to me.
There weren't even nine laughs in nine months.
Hugh grant,a huge dork.
Hugh grant plays a successful child psychiatrist.
Why a child psychologist.
Kid:my dad's a_huge_asshole.
Call it a road trip for the walking wounded.
Only in the movies,right.
Ain't they a pair.
This revelation exists purely for its own sake.
Aberdeen doesn't know where else to go.
If she were paying any attention to skarsg.
It's not just because skarsg.
I mean,an evil man.
Anyway,fourteen years go by and.
Arrgh,well,you know the rest.
Swish-swish-zzzzzzz.
Critique:this is a pretty bad movie.
Let's see,where should i start.
Okay,what's next.
And mena suvari,is just plain off.
Now i'm not sure if this was ms.
Alright,what else was bad in this film.
Oh yeah,the score.
You failed all around.
Change your shirt,man.
Deneuve is barely in this movie.
We vow to stay away from it all.
Where's joblo coming from.
Highway deaths of filmmaker alan j.
He's both fascinated and disturbed by the l.
The restraint is admirable.
This plot thread predictably leads to violence.
How often does real life work this way.
Sanders)running for reelection.
That's how it works in movies like these.
I haven't mentioned the movie's twist yet.
What the message here.
Both of them should have known better.
Had you going there for a moment,didn't i.
Being cast as the president of the u.
The film,however,is all good.
The plot is deceptively simple.
He even gets a bee sting.
He gets several bee stings.
Broderick here is playing the mr.
Witherspoon is a revelation.
It is bad enough that mr.
Even so,there's no logical reason why mr.
M has an affair when he does.
But oh,how enjoyable that manipulation is.
Again,the storyline is as cliched as they come.
He doesn't let us get bored with the imagery.
Jackie chan is the barry sanders of moviemaking.
And misuse firearms.
Just go see the movie.
Some colonial masters were better than others.
Visually,the film is very powerful.
Perhaps this last scene was the problem.
Mostly it's laughable.
As the legend of drunken master.
Aka siunin wong fei-hung tsi titmalau.
Then comes the setup.
The race has no rules.
Owen templeton(cuba gooding jr.
Is currently the most hated man in america.
But enough carping.
It takes a pretty smart person to do that.
What if he's also able to think on his feet.
Gary gray's the negotiator.
Although it wouldn't surprise me if he did.
His is an interesting character.
Gray really lucked out with this cast.
Both provide some pretty good entertainment.
Critique:i'm a sucker for movies like this.
Dreams can come true.
Where's joblo coming from.
The film only gets better from this point.
They walk in unison and they only look forward.
However,as the film develops so does ness.
Malone acts as a mentor to ness.
Who framed roger rabbit'is a rare film.
That is until about half-way through the movie.
But this is as close as you will ever get to it.
The last half of the film is very well done.
Sometimes the stories are compelling.
Sometimes they're not.
Star trek:insurrection is no exception.
I simply enjoyed the film.
Murray abraham),to mess everything up.
I prefer to just enjoy the spectacle.
And to my surprise,it grew on me.
Hell,that's what i do every day.
It is possible for me to enjoy political satire.
The supporting cast is vast and colorful.
Is bulworth offensive.
I suppose some may see it that way.
Just because you picked_today_to clean up.
Oh,the irony of it.
Not recommended for viewers with sensitive ears.
In english and french.
He also invented the cornflake.
That said,there's still plenty to watch here.
Original enterprise captain james t.
Remarkably unremarkable.
His chemistry with children can moisten any eye.
No claus for alarm.
Junior======arnold schwarzenegger pregnant.
There is no goddamned blair witch.
In a way,this is a typical hollywood sequel.
The key is simplicity.
In the end,i can't call it a bad effort.
It's simply different.
Until after we've observed them for a while.
God would do it him/herself,but he/she is.
It's a wild ride.
Wings of desire this ain't.
And eventually dogma's pacing goes slack.
A gut on several occasions.
Not one of them had watched it.
Every single person refused.
Now that's powerful filmmaking.
My religion is movies.
You've heard all the hype.
A lot of the movie is like that.
Well,he's done a good job.
Warning:spoilers ahead.
His future is clouded.
Warning:major spoiler ahead.
Enter at your own risk.
Did this story need to be told.
But is it a worthwhile movie to see.
Above all,this is a fun movie.
Not deep,not meaningful,and not profound.
It displays this perfectly.
Tobey maguire fits well in the role.
This is a plot line i had trouble with.
There is a movie in there somewhere.
Okay,maybe not so chivalrous.
Lucky for me i manufactured her drug of choice.
I wish wonder boys had more of him.
I'm privy to films about literary types i.
Plot:derek zoolander is a male model.
He is also very dumb and impressionable.
Will zoolander fulfill the dirty deed.
Is this a funny movie.
Where's joblo coming from.
Totally trustworthy,right.
Days go by,and the boy,named josu.
And yet,it+s backdrop is merely that.
But neither side is trivialized.
He,like the discoveries of j.
He is a natural,and never once grating.
Send a memo to jonathan taylor thomas.
The event of events is upon us.
In fact,it is terrific.
And"mesa go now,okeday.
Some people simply call it"trash.
It's nearly nice to a fault.
It's just about impossible to hate.
Quite possibly for days.
He's back,and it's about time.
The motto was well chosen.
Daphne ashbrook brings class to her role as dr.
The only problem with the acting is eric roberts.
Is this problem the kisses to the past.
Is it the script or the movie as a whole.
Grace holloway,doesn't close it by then.
And they're right.
I have lost something.
I didn't always feel this sedated.
Lester works for an advertising agency.
But inside she is desperate.
In fact they are the next door neighbors.
Not one character in this film rings falsely.
She is the prototypical trophy child.
You didn't screw up once.
The bitterness and resentment are palpable.
Thora birch is a young actress to watch.
Colonel finn is a man in complete denial.
Wes bentley as ricky finn is fine as the enigma.
Will hunting(matt damon)is a natural genius.
This is no formula movie.
In fact,it's quite fresh and original.
Will works whatever kind of job he can get.
He is firmly rejected.
Lambeau treats will like a son.
Will isn't really interested in academia.
Robin williams is excellent in this role.
Good will hunting has all three.
Fine performances are turned in all around.
Tings don't run we.
He's finally rid of his family.
Life is a dream come true.
He learned how to deal with the furnace.
But it does have its flaws.
Quick and easy review:i really enjoyed matinee.
The mixture of comedy and tension blended nicely.
Matinee is not like that.
Through coal-mining.
Warning:contains what the matrix is.
Rated r for sci-fi violence.
I'll tell you i was.
Don't be fooled,this movie has a big story.
And big chunks of talky moments.
Ok now to the story.
Well this may take a while.
A bunch of assholes.
Do yourself a favor and go see it.
Shanta has a small circle of male admirers.
A sikh is persecuted,hides,then flees.
Another man is murdered.
The group of friends will not meet again.
The story earth tells does not end.
Earth is,in some ways,an unexceptional movie.
Four words:contract with the devil.
No,satan is much more humane.
I own the document in question.
Are you getting this,shorty.
The character of jerry fletcher is indeed unique.
In many ways,i was surprised by this movie.
He provided a fantastic performance.
He also seems obsessed and in love with her.
Jonas(patrick stewart.
Bob's your uncle.
Better make that walt's your uncle.
Maybe an animated feature without--shock.
The songs,for example.
It isn't gonna happen.
There is one small quake then another quake.
The volcanic eruption.
I liked this movie.
But it was not as great as i hoped.
I was still good none the less.
It had excellent special effects.
Some lack lyrical snap.
Others need more memorable melodies.
But first the basics.
That'll do")to"the graduate.
Which brings me to disturbing point number one.
Here's a suggestion for the two boys:grow up.
Put the past behind you.
Adding short jokes is simply mean.
Still,"shrek"is a rollicking good time.
To trot out a clich.
Shrek"is fun for all ages.
Then she falls over,dead.
This is the last meal your mother ever made.
In this case,the showdown is against the ramen.
Return of the jedi has some interesting elements.
The chemistry amongst the trio is terrific.
It's very similar to the spielberg classic"e.
Disney still hasn't ditched.
Lonely and distraught,he contemplates suicide.
But not everyone is enchanted.
But i still don't know exactly how he did it.
For whatever reason his stardom never arrived.
But he should have it now.
It's both rousing and chilling.
I've always been fascinated with reed.
With injustice on the worst level.
Benigni+s guido realizes this.
He is the clown,but he is not a fool.
Perhaps that is a form of denial.
Surprisingly,it works.
It swept the italian academy awards.
But life has a way of complicating things.
Pip becomes an arrogant s.
Estella was raised in wealth by ms.
Ethan hawke is romantic lead.
He romanced winona ryder in reality bites.
He romanced julie delpy in before sunrise.
He romanced uma thurman in gattaca.
And that is exactly what this film is;art.
Let me backtrack a minute.
This is a thinking man's slasher flick.
Not really a good sign.
The character of orlock is,of course,dracula.
This is a long welcome reunion.
Imagine that and more.
And that's only half the fun.
It's impossible to take your eyes off him.
Nugent(fiona shaw.
Nugent at the brady menagerie.
It's the start of many a related image.
Ad o'connor playing the virgin mary.
Zero takes the case,and the plot thickens.
I have a gun,and everything.
Jackson and davis make a good team.
Screenplay by andrew kevin walker.
Directed by tim burton.
I mention these allusions for a reason.
Depp is adequate in his role.
She's a good witch too.
You have to pay attention.
Andrew kevin walker wrote the screenplay.
There's a lot of blood and a lot of beheadings.
I'm not entirely sure why,exactly.
And it's often as funny as anything,too.
But they're still hilarious as ever.
Gone with the wind",this isn't.
You might very well like it.
All in all,i give this film an.
Daylight is a great disaster movie.
Occasionally,we get a film that does manage it.
Is"frequency"filled with plot holes.
I also liked some of the supporting cast members.
Or see how their children turn out.
And don't call me a sissy.
Blade(snipes)is half man,half vampire.
Where do vampires get money.
Overall rating=review by david wilcock.
Nugent(fiona shaw.
I didn't know what to expect.
I still don't know how to react.
Just how inseparable is the team of sgt.
Martin riggs(mel gibson)and sgt.
Roger murtaugh(danny glover.
But even too many explosions can get boring.
Everybody gets in on the shtick.
Score one for the old guard.
Her role is instantly likeable.
October sky should be a success with audiences.
A big surprise to me.
They replaced him just fine.
It's just the music.
These were superfluous and a waste of money.
Was it the tunes from sinatra,etc.
Was it the glamorous,sophisticated feel.
The charisma of the two leads.
It was traditional,magical.
We can tell we're in for something sweet.
The setting of the film is a town named blue bay.
Matt dillon stars as sam lombardo.
Playing kelly van ryan is denise richards.
Everyone in the vessel is killed,except ripley.
The rest of the cast is also quite good.
This is a great score.
I will not ruin the ending for you.
Everyweek,wafflemovies.
The movie was beautifully and sensitively made.
Com selection mad city.
Stephen dillane is wonderful as henderson.
Stephane attempts to remain unchanged.
The directing in this movie is wonderful.
Emmanuelle beart's personality is beautiful.
She's a very bright person with a good heart.
Yet,her life is a miserable waste of time.
To her,this made sense long ago.
But now,it's a different story.
Perhaps an erotic lapdance might stir his senses.
Fiorentino is also a fun presence.
You root for her despite her sense of amorality.
Twilight has a solid film noir-ish plot.
It's a minor,but irritating,flaw.
In other words,it's a walter hill film.
With a john milius script.
Just like the old days.
Bore is perhaps too strong a word.
Warning:spoiler follows in next paragraph.
And i hate to admit it;i fell for it.
So why did i enjoy it so much.
For one thing,the cast is great.
Kevin bacon oozes charisma in an early role.
And he never broods.
The rest of the cast is equally impressive.
Another nice touch is the music.
It sucked me in,and it'll do the same to you.
I avoided a commitment by appealing to etymology.
There are no weak performances in this movie.
Zhang ziyi is a budding superstar.
Needless to say,the filmmaker was frustrated.
Set in pacific palisades,calif.
As carlos,hernandez is a revelation.
Afterschool special"my ass.
Crazy/beautiful"is the real deal.
His house looks like an immaculate museum.
He's in almost every frame.
It has a vibrant,beating heart.
We'll do just about anything to put off a task.
And then,the next time,we do it all again.
Seven years ago,his first book was a hit.
Now he's having a particularly difficult day.
And then there's the next morning.
There's a lot to like about this movie.
James may be suicidal and psychotic.
The film takes some interesting chances.
The actors are all first-rate.
As grady's agent livens up his scenes.
Director curtis hanson("l.
Confidential")makes a few missteps.
The women are underused.
We never even see grady's exiting wife.
This is very much a guy's film.
I'll finish this in a second.
Right now i have to grab some paint.
Meet joe black(reviewed on nov.
Besides eternal damnation,of course.
Meet joe black"runs just under three hours.
Hopkins gives his usual excellent performance.
Call it touched by a demon.
A gothic city rather than a modern one.
Shadows and night scenes abound.
The days are cloudy and unpromising.
But then again,pets are always cute on screen.
And this is the films main problem.
After a stylistic detour with mrs.
It is said that rudolph is a polarizing director.
I found equinox,his last pre-mrs.
Parker effort,to be irritating and frustrating.
Sex means something different to everyone.
Harrison ford stars as dr.
Marshall who is an expert in hunting fugitives.
We're so relieved when justice is served.
But i don't care.
E,linda(angela featherstone.
Oh sure,it's trite.
Naturally,the true star here is sandler.
I think the guy is flat-out hilarious.
And the movie is just so funny.
The film is predicable,but who cares.
I just want everyone to know that i laughed.
All while still alive.
On one hand,it is a fast paced action film.
On the other,it's a frightening horror film.
And on the side,it's a hilarious comedy.
Turn the sound down.
He is insane,apparently.
Bad cutting puts the timing way out.
That's careless filmmaking,pure and simple.
Take one of the extended scenes in tenebrae.
Proof that he can do it,if he tries.
We see that he is a mean-tempered person.
Finally,he is spiteful and vindictive.
He is a prisoner and a slave to it.
The result is every son's nightmare.
Coburn displays heft as the bitter dad.
That may turn many moviegoers away.
Is evil dead ii a bad movie.
Well what's it about.
Why should i see it again.
No evil dead ii is different,it's funny.
It's funny to see people die.
Are you sick or something.
And smoke'em if you got'em,folks.
Okay,well i just did.
The elvis songs also recommend this movie.
It's now or never,folks.
Thank you very much.
Where's joblo coming from.
The concept is deceptively pedestrian.
Each of the five tells his or her story.
It's not clear which scene it is.
The transfer to dvd is rich and beautiful.
So the richness and detail are impeccable.
The doctor was evasive and clearly uncomfortable.
He ends his prayer by saying.
Forgive me for surviving.
Whether that may be in life or in death.
Don't take your children to class reunions.
A thousand acres'and.
My grandmother comes to mind.
I know that"funnest"isn't a word.
Chicken pies,of course.
The animation is first-rate.
Anyway,the movie's just a boatload of fun.
Funnest damn movie i've seen all year.
The film is neither ambitious nor pretentious.
I liked the third jurassic park film.
I even liked the second jurassic park film.
That is what all the jurassic park films are.
I feel i got my money's worth.
Guess what happens next.
Sometimes they just move too fast to see.
Occasionally darkness or fog obscures our vision.
But these aren't any girlfriends.
The plot in three words is:women and music.
Where's joblo coming from.
Unfortunately,folks,it's not likely.
In brief:best bleak comedy film since heathers.
Smart's got a point.
Kidman triumphs in the trashy role of suzanne.
Rated r-for language and mature themes.
A guest asks impatiently.
Forty million,"groeteschele responds wryly.
Is it even logical.
Evita"deals with the rise and fall of eva per.
Okay,it is a let-down.
That's when our narrator,ch.
Her death,though,is brilliant.
Her singing could be better though.
There are probably too many characters.
This is when leder starts to show her true stuff.
Mimi leder is a natural at creating suspense.
George clooney is a real movie star.
He'll be around for a while.
Ok,that's off my chest.
No more monkey puns,i promise.
I know,i know,i promised.
Mark wahlberg stars as capt.
The young chimp goes to visit his dying father.
The performances throughout are top-notch.
It is a masterful turn.
Hers is a smart,compassionate characterization.
He comes close,but falls short.
Urban legend surprised me.
The only person you didn't suspect.
One problem,though.
And the when we least expect it.
So who is it this time.
A wealthy family is having a wedding.
Dennis quaid makes a fine hero.
Dina meyer is appealing as the sacrificed girl.
It is filled with above-the-title stars.
Terrence malick is a cinematic legend.
He has often been called"the j.
Salinger of cinema.
This film marks his return.
Stuart little is a mouse.
The sole purpose of mr.
None of the action sequences in mr.
It's all:"what do i love.
What is it that brings me joy.
This movie is a lot of fun.
The romantic moments are sweet,yet not sappy.
I thought that was neat.
Mother-in-law jokes prevail.
This is what binds the movie together.
So what,exactly,is the fifth element.
Shadow--is still waiting to be made.
Okay,there is only one option now.
Such is the result of an insulated upbringing.
Many of which he was unaware needed to be asked.
Larch,in his own way,acts similarly.
There is a danger in that line of reasoning.
God has also given us a set of rules.
Stereotypical,gays possible.
Williams is excellent as should be no surprise.
The real star is lane.
The question of stereotypes is a touchy one.
These guys personify the homophobic gay image.
You can almost hear the swishing.
Well you know what i mean.
Where to start about michelle pfeiffer.
They're not cringe inducing,at least.
Bulworth,then,is well worth watching.
A david wilcock review.
Apparently,it was just lying dormant.
Capsule:a rock and roll fable,indeed.
Like a hubert selby,jr.
I mean really mean.
Simon's friend frank(cuba gooding,jr.
Also gay,does not fare much better.
The screenplay,by mark andrus and james l.
Brooks,is clever,touching,and funny.
Through the second half.
This is that little dog.
Starting to detect the patterns.
This prison,run by the v.
He assumes that nick is still lost in vietnam.
Only in this game,you play for money.
Based on the book by author james ellroy,l.
Check this one out.
You'll have a gay old time.
The parallels don't end there,either.
Well,he's not,and it doesn't make sense.
Poverty and crime rule most of china.
Unfortunately,she has sided with yeung seung.
The action scenes do not disappoint either.
Chao(shen guanglan),her husband mr.
Opinion:sometimes a film is plot driven.
Sometimes it's a character sketch.
Fang's family is thoroughly americanized.
His wife can't cook chinese.
It's hard to understate this last point.
Tarantino's screenwriting,mr.
On the other hand,sidney is pretty dull here.
Ghostface--i want to be in the sequel.
Look what that got her.
Similarly,samuel e.
Ashman's untimely death.
Menken's tunes unbearably catchy,but mr.
Menken's fine score.
Although cautioned by many that he will.
The old man')are perfect in their roles.
Which brings us to.
I am particularly partial of the.
This creates some strange effects.
Officer jim kurring(john c.
Reilly seems to be a standard fixture.
And in actual fact,it does.
The cause is associated with whirlwinds.
Frankly i have no idea on these points.
Otherwise the event was quite believable.
Don't get me wrong.
Highly depreciated on the small screen.
Fast forward about five years.
Giorgio cantarini)are a happy family.
The winner takes home a tank.
Ultimately,the allies rescue the camp.
In a poignant scene,giosue.
The price for his victory is most high.
Life is beautiful is a fantasy,a fable.
Those who object to it are missing its point.
Woody harrelson gives an excellent performance.
Althea had joined him in taking the drugs.
Again,this is a solid performance.
However,it is much more than that.
The thirteenth floor'is somewhere in between.
They start to doubt in their own sanity.
This contrast demonstrates a wish for change.
At least that's how it is all beginning.
This film is interesting and inspiring.
If you were expecting airplane.
Some comments collected from friends.
I needn+t have worried.
The plot is typical.
He becomes one of the great comic villains.
Would the geek get the girl.
Not everything works.
There+s lousy dialogue about eight-minute vs.
Seven minute exercise tapes.
But the wait is worth it.
The farrelly brothers have finally done it.
Shot in the back and paralyzed for life.
Storytelling has always been one of pedro almod.
Var favorite,antonio banderas.
It's a credit to almod.
Copycat is a good thriller.
Nice movie to bring your girlfriend to.
The designer of the ship,dr.
I can't stand this anymore.
Event horizon is highly recommended.
But at your own risk.
The plot is simple but not simpleminded.
Then,disaster strikes.
Oh my god,i sounded just like a mother.
Didn't i sound just like a mother.
I know,but i still can't believe it.
Marty,you see,is a grown-up twin.
In this storm are two sane individuals.
This is a house filled with them.
A donut king,so is she like the queen.
Are we entertaining royalty.
But weird things start happening.
One day,though,it could happen.
You know they would.
Also,a subplot involving incest rings untrue.
I was half-right.
Nevertheless it's worth-seeing.
Oh,and its much better than any of those.
The cast is excellent.
Joseph mazzello gives the stand out performance.
This movie closely resembles a james bond flick.
One of the bad guys was a surprise.
But i do have better hair.
Her hair,a very dull dark brown,has no color.
She could use some highlights.
I like the one story focus.
Basically this movie is reasonably fun.
I do give successful comedy high marks.
Okay,a little more ass-kicking ensues.
Critique:very cool.
Tcheky karyo is the devil incarnate in this film.
What a great,great monster.
Pure action movie poetry.
They have no wire-fu in this movie.
But was i entertained.
Does this sound interesting to you.
All in all,a rippin',roarin'fun time.
Where's joblo coming from.
Doubtfire in a few minutes.
Wisely,he never aims for saintly.
It's easy to see mrs.
There's nothing dazzlingly new in mrs.
They wear buttons asking`how will it end.
In fact,they're terrified.
All around new york people are different.
Nor is it about cops trying to apprehend him.
In other movies sex is glamorized.
Not so with summer of sam.
And oh what a reality it is.
Technology is organic,but only some of it.
Gas stations are the same.
Cell phones are glowing bug like appendages.
Oh wait,i already do.
Good films are hard to find these days.
Great films are beyond rare.
Proof of life is a thinking man's action movie.
The story of serendipity is simple.
Here's what the two movies do have in common.
White(keitel),mr.
Pink(buscemi),mr.
Orange(roth),mr.
Blonde(michael madsen),mr.
Brown(tarantino)and mr.
Peach(tarantino's chin.
What are the lessons we can learn from wargames.
The script,written by j.
Forget,`thus far.
Damn those trailers.
She takes a nap while he goes for a swim.
Did he disappear to start a new life.
Was he killed by accident.
Did he commit suicide.
She can't quite get over him.
They've been married for twenty-five years.
Rush hour features jackie chan in his first u.
And the finale's a real treat as well.
Rose is to be wed to a man she does not love.
She is a pleasure to see on screen.
The effects are tremendous.
Titanic runs far too long.
Don't get me wrong about titanic.
It's not a bad as i am making it out to be.
It really is an exceptionaly well-made film.
Cameron has certainly made his best film to date.
It just doesn't have a strong supporting story.
Cameron was shooting for.
It is a film worth seeing.
The film is riddled with telling symbols(e.
This film camera is just another one of the guys.
Stay at home and rent up close and personal.
And what's a buzz without tunes.
Fortunately,i turned out to be wrong.
He observes what it might be like.
Ve humanist tale of improbable hope.
Innocence triumphs.
Don't get me wrong,contact is sci-fi.
But with a definite difference.
Allie(foster)is a radio astronomer.
You've got to love disney.
Kids have to go see the movie.
Then they have to get the toys.
Oh,the video came out.
Stay at the disneyland hotel.
Buy a disney t-shirt.
Eat an ice cream mickey mouse on a stick.
Dale carnegie should have had it so good.
You have to hear it to understand.
I found the choice of b.
In any event,wong performs admirably as well.
I guess clyde kusatsu wasn't available.
And all of face/off was pretty dang good.
Okay,that one was pretty pathetic.
Kind of weird,huh.
My apologies to o'donnell fans.
I'll move on to the movie now.
I have no idea why i just typed that.
I'm not even really paying attention anymore.
It's not bad,i gave it.
Coli to a medical record.
Breakdown,then,is something of a surprise.
Jon voight plays leo f.
Will rudy defeat leo.
Will he enjoy being a lawyer.
That annoyed me,as did the ending.
Why didn't the plan turn around.
Surprisingly,i enjoyed the film.
At first i was thinking to myself"why.
Now that would be a classic.
Alas,the times are a-changin.
The big hit is quite the opposite.
When will the devil take me.
He asks rhetorically in lulling voice over.
This time,onegin finds her irresistable.
They both have faces,mr.
The film has an atypical period look,as well.
Both deal with the hardships of family life.
Pressure is mounting at the wrong time.
Such was the case with frequency.
It looked cheesy,sappy and ridiculous.
It looked like a flop.
Frequency boasts a compelling story line.
Including john's mother.
Most films are like that.
It must be tough to be a mob boss.
And who better than billy crystal.
The supporting cast sparkles.
The situation is just too cute to resist.
The caveman's valentine starring samuel l.
To those people i would like to say.
What the hell did you expect.
This is a tim burton movie,boys and girls.
And lack of interest in standard issue heroes.
Darth vader is the leader of the dark side.
To obi-wan kenobi pleading for help.
Luke also learns his family was a jedi.
Ben wants to create a new jedi.
Star wars is an amazing epic.
The costumes are also out of this world.
The entire premise of star wars is amazing.
Even the human characters are different.
Think that's enough.
Italian tourist mr.
Rat race's cast is first rate.
And ruthless people.
This is a fun little feature.
Naval submarine during world war ii.
It's tense,exciting and fascinating.
I cannot stress this enough.
It succeeds fantastically.
He is well lit via the external house lights.
His teacher isn't home.
David's fall over the dark cliff has begun.
But it's us being clapped.
And it works very well.
Another thing,and boy am i bitching today.
Although jackie brown marks mr.
The opening sequence featuring ms.
In a quentin tarantino film.
This new aspect of mr.
As it turns out,ms.
Last night"is about just that.
The last night of planet earth's existence.
Nor is the event itself.
And bruce willis never shows up to save the day.
It's also light and clever.
Still,it's no"toy story.
But all the buzz motivated me to give it a shot.
If only willis'work were as impressive.
Writer/director m.
But times and ambitions change.
Things happen,and he's stuck.
His guardian angel is there,and shows him that.
It's a wonderful life.
His earthly problems are solved.
The climatic scene is a marvel.
Theresa russell is just plain wooden.
But what we're given works well enough.
Look for steve buscemi as well as a homeless bum.
Robin,on a tropical vacation with fianc.
Director ivan reitman keeps the pace brisk.
So she's a lesbian.
After several wrong guesses("forty-five.
He whispers his age to her.
You still look good,"heche stammers.
I still_am_good,"ford replies.
Did dolores kill her husband.
And did she kill her employer.
The rest of the cast is also very good.
Sometimes they pay off(i.
There was a lot riding on this movie.
What would be the"final act.
So,how does the story go.
S not where the movie starts off.
S home,and,when he doesn.
T get it,threatens the life of cotton.
S girlfriend christine,and cotton can.
T do anything to stop him.
But,who goes next.
Three different scripts were penned,we.
S fear of becoming what her mother was.
Or,at least,what her mother was secretly.
Okay,over the years,i.
Ve become quite the"scream"fan.
T have the ghostface costume or the director.
Granted that there.
S considerably less blood,less gore.
Honestly,i like this approach.
Maybe even a little bit of satire.
If the film worked in a few more clich.
Almost sad to see it go.
But then,it does seem best to quit while you.
All done in a comic fashion,of course.
Other than that,i had a very enjoyable time.
The acting was quite delightful as well.
Who else's mind would be better to explore.
I knew he was bizzare,but not to this extreme.
He too is likely too receive media attention.
An opening prologue in shall we dance.
The dance school in shall we dance.
It's a delicate performance with a huge heart.
It is here that shall we dance.
That's the real joy of dance shall we dance.
Based on the novel by john le carr.
Osnard offers harry a way out.
Over how to best protect the vital waterway.
Strangelove school of armed patriotism.
Out of sight proves that it doesn't.
Still,we do care about max's fate.
In this regard,it wildly succeeds due to mr.
Aronofsky's striking direction.
Isn't it beautiful,"she coos.
Sutherland played the role as a true veteran.
The film flowed beautifully.
Dark city simply puts"spawn"to shame.
So my initial predictions were wrong.
Kadosh means sacred in hebrew.
Meir is a talmudic scholar.
He now works as a singer in a nightclub.
For example,cop john c.
The performances in"magnolia"are perfection.
All recipes are fictions.
In ways he could never have imagined.
Colqhoun is different.
Here time stands still,and nothing changes.
Men that are nothing,and has nothing to loose.
The result is some sort of cabin fever.
Cannibalism is more like a sick game for them.
It's like"who's going to die first.
It's hard to not get mad here.
It's lonely being a cannibal.
You don't get that many friends.
Don't live to eat.
Every actor does a great job.
I didn't say there was nothing to eat.
In a nutshell,that's it.
Everything else pales in comparison.
To be specific,let me give you an example.
One particularly striking m.
No points for guessing what they do.
It's a great performance.
Henry fool("used to have an.
Shades of film school.
Antz,however,has upped the ante considerably.
Time will tell,but i'm sure that mr.
Mouse has nothing to fear.
He comments about his neglected childhood.
Visually,it's an exciting rush of adrenaline.
But don't be fooled.
In fact,it far exceeds that one.
He played miles on the tv show murphy brown.
Most of it will go over young children's heads.
They will have a lot of fun watching this one.
What is great is the themes that are given to us.
Thankfully,it's not subtle in either aspects.
Have i confused you enough.
Well,it's just lovely.
Well,i've said it before.
When robbie's fianc.
That way nobody gets hurt.
Pretty good,bring a friend.
Amazing,potent stuff.
Not much,what are you up to.
A bit hard to swallow.
Turner is the woman caught between the two men.
A breed apart"isn't a bad movie,exactly.
And this one is no exception.
Oh yeah,and the ship sinks.
Firstly,there's cameron's direction.
The audience really does come to hate him.
A superb film,but sadly not perfect.
He says to a black congregation.
For the photo opportunity.
Fans is not part of bulworth's"truth.
The experience is liberating.
Chicken wings,appropriately enough.
His rap is not bad for a middle-aged white guy.
Overtakes the politics,which is too bad.
All women are there to be ogled.
But i doubt you could have expected this.
Carrey has made a very wise choice.
So is this going to end up labeled as a comedy.
It really depends on the audience.
Boogie nights falls into the latter catagory.
Also,the costumes are great.
But the rest of the cast are excellent.
Macy is great aswell(but he always is.
But they're small niggles really.
Boogie nights is an excellent film.
The film follows the story of l.
Taking pity on her,l.
Mathilda learns of l.
On's footsteps as a"cleaner.
With these additional scenes replaced,l.
Luckily,the dogs of war had a good script.
Failed to really get the joke.
This time around,however,warner bros.
And for plenty of reasons.
The story goes like this.
Is the movie perfect.
What can one expect out of life.
Is the small farmer about to become extinct.
Orange@centuryinter.
This is not clear to lucas,however.
The next scene is brilliant.
Maggie follows lucas outside of the pep rally.
She tries to talk to him as if nothing happened.
But maggie is written smarter than that.
Lucas is filled with great performances.
Forget everything you know about corey haim.
Hot'babe who defines true.
Also fascinating is george lucas.
Leonardo di caprio.
I know that"funnest"isn't a word.
Chicken pies,of course.
The animation is first-rate.
Anyway,the movie's just a boatload of fun.
Funnest damn movie i've seen all year.
Oh,and it has a story as well.
The duke also wants the hand of the fair satine.
S silent film to guard the nocturnal sky.
It was always,'more.
The musical numbers reflect his attitude.
Wait until you see him perform"like a virgin.
The last shot is an especially powerful image.
Felicity shagwell is one shagadellic babe.
Do i make your horny.
The love scene between dr.
Weanies,johnny,richard,dick etc.
The only problem:the novel wasn't very good.
It was far more pulp than pulitzer.
Francis ford coppola.
The rest,as they say in showbiz,was history.
Depends on whom you ask.
But back to the picture at hand.
Both films consist of a predominately male cast.
But it's not too bad,really.
Well,you'll see.
But what has he become.
Pretty good,bring a friend.
Amazing,potent stuff.
Dave and gerald too have problems of their own.
Growing up,tarzan(voiced by alex d.
Just fill in the blanks.
Have we had an ape and an elephant yet.
Together with her father dr.
Thankfully,those aren't the exact words.
How does he tell his name to another ape.
Ohh ohh ee-tarzan-ee ee ohh.
But hey,tarzan's a young adult.
Isn't that illegal in most countries.
Distracting to say the least.
And the two are kept busy.
The ephrons'script is witty and sharp.
The good balances the bad.
I try to see both in equal proportions.
For safe-keeping.
I'm feeling relaxed.
This is not the film to take a girl on a date to.
It's not the film for you.
It's the film for you and your family.
And it apparently worked.
Note that followups are directed to rec.
Current-films and rec.
Current only,not to rec.
Is the eighth entry in the hugely popular series.
Data(brent spiner),lt.
Geordi laforge(levar burton),lt.
Worf(michael dorn),dr.
If they are property,who do they belong to.
The spanish government.
The defendants are pawns in several games.
South carolina senator john c.
It's not hard to see who the bad guys are.
He has to make the story interesting.
Spielberg succeeds for the most part.
The visual aspect of the film is beyond reproach.
Where the movie falls down is a bit more subtle.
There are very few_people_in the tale.
Van buren is a weak politician but nothing else.
There are some other great moments.
Dear god,"he prays.
Guess who then shows up.
She makes an offer that is too hard to refuse.
There's even an escape clause.
He ably assumes various personas.
But that would be playing with fire.
Unlike the earlier,similar documentary startup.
The movie is really a stand alone in that regard.
The family robinson.
A colonization process,if you will.
How do get back to earth.
Mimi rogers was tom cruise's first wife.
What could be next.
This means woody now faces a difficult choice.
The film is well worth seeing on the big screen.
It was woody and buzz up there,not tom and tim.
One can almost sense the cold.
In the plane three men find.
The american dream.
Affliction too was set in a snowy landscape.
It really seems very simple.
Return to paradise.
Well,see the movie.
One should be warned against seeing the trailer.
The ensemble acting in the film is perfect.
His pain creates pain for the viewer.
The speed in"the green mile"is perfect.
Except there's no red,of course.
Two parts that make up a whole.
A beautiful film in its own dreary way.
Griffith(thematically speaking.
The cast of this film is absolutely remarkable.
Spy kids"certainly did.
Get ready for this.
Intelligent,capable and loving.
Somebody clue me in.
When did genital mutilation become funny.
Because they're all thumbs.
The play is being directed by corky st.
Teaming up with st.
I'd recommend seeing it.
Will is a troubled individual.
As a child,he was the frequent victim of abuse.
Will flees,but lambeau tracks him down.
Chutes and ladders:the motion picture.
And in what room,and with what object.
A french language audio track is also available.
Which was an interesting choice.
The first two endings being"what if.
Now for the dvd release you get two choices.
But the right stuff film isn't even fiction.
Johnson and jane dornacker as nurse murch.
Film also lacks proper closure.
And i love gillian anderson.
But wait,i'm getting ahead of myself.
The series is strong for a lot of reasons.
It's nice to see a risk pay off for a change.
Actually,it's nice to see a risk at all.
Matthew broderick and high school comedy.
But election is far different.
The metzler family is an extremely wealthy one.
So paul agrees and the race is on.
In election,there are no"good guys.
Almost everyone has their own agenda.
There certainly is no pile of marshmallows here.
They go to a castle to try to use the phone.
The acting is pretty good overall.
Even the singer meatloaf is in it.
Meatloaf sings like meatloaf.
I don't know why,really.
Maybe that's going a little bit too far.
The parallels are there.
Ok,maybe that's not enough parallels.
So titanic's not in gwtw's league.
The money was obviously well-spent.
He succeeds masterfully.
The love story itself is rather conventional.
The performances are the key here.
But"can she help me get on a lifeboat.
Dicaprio is a revelation.
The casting is what puts this film over the top.
Cu-sack-no,not quite as cool.
But fears and black never let that happen.
Well,it's hard to say.
The writing and direction are great.
And good characters.
The best thing,however,is the plot.
Still,he does a good job.
And hopefully audiences will too.
Personal note to p.
That frightens me beyond anything.
Don't credit carrey.
Rounding out the cast is natascha mcelhone(mrs.
There are other little problems with the script.
There was the unforgettable jaws.
Its like jurassic park under water.
Nothing too stressful,pure entertainment.
He has become an unquestioning weapon.
But even assassins have innocent pasts.
He was seen in the world is not enough.
This is a world that is cold and unfriendly.
It creates indelible images of evil.
Produced by robert lantos&stephen j.
With less than salutory results.
However,the writing quite makes up for it.
Only now do i see the error of my ways.
Believe me,it's fantastic.
Even showing a brief appearance on sesame street.
Naturally,he gets his ass kicked.
The final fight ensues between clubber and rocky.
The winner's name rhymes with'smocky.
Which is good if you like fighting scenes.
The last match is quite decent actually.
If you liked the previous films,rent this one.
One more time,see something else.
One of the film's most delightful scenes.
That great happiness is destined for them.
Will patrasche save the day.
Or rather,roll over.
Not that they are the only good stars,however.
Other critics,however,were not so kind.
Voight's character as`hopelessly wooden.
My suggestion:disregard the critics.
See it while you can.
Do film critics have morals.
It's gonna stink.
Or the director(who.
Can't be that good.
Ok,but what about comparing.
Isn't that kind of along the same lines.
I think it is,and i'll tell you why.
Sometimes that can be tough.
It was sooooo cheezy.
Might be used to describe a film.
But which is more important.
And which is better.
Jackie finds herself in a tight squeeze.
Sometimes he will tell a story that really moves.
Heist is mamet doing his most entertaining work.
Or"why didn't anybody think of that before.
Now joe has to get out of the business.
It was coming time anyway.
Remarkably it serves a double purpose.
Hackman has lines like"everybody needs money.
That's why they call it money.
See contact with your family.
It is a movie for all ages.
The movie's pacing is very good and subtle.
Everything else was very one-sided(e.
In fact,zemeckis et.
Does men live up to its press.
You can guess which one she falls for.
Could it happen in the real world.
But does the film work as entertainment.
They kiss,then walk on.
The glass on his mask cracks.
It's all been a dream.
He get's his ass to mars.
As you can tell,it's violent stuff.
The acting is variable.
But,she does sex scenes alright.
So,the good guys are awful.
But,the bad guy's are excellent.
In fact,it's very good.
Instead,he asks who the ghost is.
Only paul d is suspicious of the stranger.
Winfrey is arguably beloved's greatest asset.
Nothing is spoon-fed to the viewer.
Paradoxically,there's a lot less gore.
Sadly,we only see a couple of scenes from stab.
Their resolution to the obligatory"whodunit.
Nice twist,"quips the killer.
Didn't see it coming,didya.
It's a terrific performance.
Initially beau's the typical sullen teen.
His early black eye becomes her later split lip.
And kyle a lonely jew who talks to his poop.
And enjoying yourself.
Why do people hate the spice girls.
Who exactly is a"great"singer.
And generally have fun.
Along for the ride are richard e.
Watching this film was fun,for the most part.
And do it quite well.
Directed by bob spiers.
Written by kim fuller.
Music by the spice girls.
Grant,claire rushbrook,roger moore.
Distributed by columbia pictures.
Available on home video.
The fall of the roman empire.
Gladiator"begins in germania in a.
It's a simple tale of good versus evil.
Joaquin phoenix gives an astounding performance.
I hope it will be rewarded with an oscar.
Several scenes are tinted.
Something bad happens to them.
Apparently everyone in the town is dead.
They barely call off the bombing in time.
Is hitchcock's version better.
Is this one worth watching as well.
And am rather proud of that fact.
The other character was dr.
A shot of an alien egg.
Alien legs stretch up into the air.
And so on and so on.
Ripley is revived and asks to see the ship.
Featuring a monologue from dillon(charles s.
As a result,no weapons are to be found.
It's quite touching really.
But perhaps it isn't a mistake.
To me,that's not a good sign.
Well,compared to rob and bruce anyway.
But jack didn't count on u.
Marshal karen sisco(jennifer lopez.
Jennifer lopez does an excellent job as well.
She and clooney develop good chemistry together.
The film boasts a superb ensemble.
There's actually a story with depth here.
Everyone else around him has similar symptoms.
Now the people who did it are after him.
It grabs you and never lets go.
This film is a winner from beginning to end.
The action and stunts are terrific.
Movies are supposed to entertain.
While you are watching,this will not matter.
I was anxious to see this for a long time.
It's very familar,your typical horror film.
Simple:the characters.
And that gets her killed.
I hate that show,i hate those actors.
Mulan is a saga of courage and self-discovery.
And isn't that the point of the patriot.
I disagree with this accusation.
And god bless the patriot.
And there are ways in which it does.
The sunshine is exceptionally warm and abundant.
She adeptly blends them all together.
It's still an excellent irish story.
But the backbone of the story is the love one.
Even if it could have been better,this'll do.
You don't want to be like mike.
Mike has been doing badly.
Embarrassingly bad.
And he's still not over her.
Regretfully it's only a movie.
It's your turn to be afraid,"he declares.
Everyone is totally engrossed.
Indiana jones in the oval office.
He and oldman's archetypes match up perfectly.
The other roles also go to accomplished actors.
Of course the politics are all wrong.
Now if we only can get ford to run for president.
By day they are construction workers.
Against his better judgment,max agrees.
More than anything,made is a movie with heart.
It is loud,obnoxious and very talkative.
Instead,the rumpo kid shoots the sheriff dead.
That is endlessly refreshing.
Robbie takes it hard.
He really likes her,but she's engaged.
You know the story.
You've seen it a million times before.
And sometimes,it works.
The wedding singer works.
Second,their love is mature.
I liked it in spite of the soundtrack.
Often,the music and references felt forced.
For example,robbie tells his ex-fianc.
David lee roth did leave van halen.
That's not to say the movie isn't funny.
When it's cold,molecules aren't moving.
Everything is clean.
Everything parallels everything else.
Everything is clean.
Even so,it is a very good film.
It's all work and no play with him.
Unfortunately the two break up.
While this may sound straight forward it's not.
What's so moving about it you ask.
The tragedy of it all.
It just never did anything for me,until now.
Thank god this film got delayed until december.
It's my christmas present.
Truer words are hard to come by.
Still care to disagree.
It's obvious he truly loves titanic.
For rose,she is sailing to her doom.
Time alone will make that call.
What does god really think of us.
Does he resent our abandonment of paradise.
Who exactly is watching us,up there in the sky.
But,that's the movie.
Now back to the preview.
Bravely,i pursued.
I've seen that trailer,oh.
Probably half a dozen times,"i gulped.
And i don't remember that scene.
Well,"she chirped.
Our little eyes are trained to see that.
They are"trained"to"see that.
And the light ain't good in there.
A point well made in this candid and honest film.
Let them reflect attitude content.
Giant robot footsteps are deep and booming.
And the fun starts their.
They are who they are and they stay that way.
Erm,go to go,i guess.
Is a very funny movie.
What planet are you from.
What planet are your from.
This fine dvd is certainly a great way to see it.
It does reward the patient viewer.
This eqsuisite,beautiful film is a rare gem.
Instead we are told a tale,told a story.
The film is punishing to watch,yes.
Just how great are their hormones raging.
But what is the perfect time.
Hartman,continues on.
That is,until sgt.
Hartman comes up with a new plan.
Unfortunately,many did.
He is simply trying to tame it.
Stone doesn't in any way apologize for nixon.
She is strong and loyal as mrs.
Walsh,paul sorvino,ed harris and bob hoskins.
It was the light comic touch that burton applied.
But it's not really too bad.
Will they get fired from their yuppie jobs.
Will they finally kiss.
Well,what do you expect.
One word of caution,though.
Don't let that stop you.
All in all,a good,non-offensive date movie.
Pretty good,bring a friend.
Amazing,potent stuff.
These are just the major characters.
You have to reach for a larger audience.
Therefore,the movie is quite user-friendly.
In any case,the answer is no.
Warning:major spoilers follow.
You have been warned.
The x-files is what a summer should be.
So yeah,the x-files is scary.
No,this is mulder's time in the spotlight.
You may wonder where this movie lost half a star.
If so,perhaps he can never come to the truth.
The film is basically a stage play.
The visual is not very important.
He meets pierce brosnan's character,mr.
After the movie they took questions.
The movie was very good,it not fantastic.
Murnau's career ended sadly and prematurely.
The plot of"nosferatu.
Even the opening copyright warning flickers.
From lead singer peter steele.
Melvin udall is a heartless man.
It also seems that melvin will never change.
The dog meets the garbage chute.
Then when it happens,we hold our breath.
But still,they coulda cut it down a bit.
And there are several scenes are just amazing.
Even more remarkably,it works.
Here you learn_two_things.
So what does he set out to do.
Well,you'll see.
The film was also edited pretty choppily.
But overall,the movie will devastate you.
It's not a"fun date movie.
Is it worth seeing.
Oh,most definitely.
And an outstanding directorial job by nelson.
Where's joblo coming from.
And it's also calorie-free--so chow down.
Watson,i mean steve arlo(ben stiller.
Arlo is not happy with his job.
However,this is when he is vulnerable.
However,there's a much meatier movie in here.
It just takes a while to get out.
But,on the whole,it is frustrating.
York is by turns hilarious,menacing and tragic.
But these are minor complaints.
Cinematographer matthew f.
You hardly understood it in high school.
And the game is afoot.
In some cases,this made for interesting scenes.
I think he had two lines.
Or i suppose you could just read the cliff notes.
Hank's reaction is one of amusement.
Carly openly flirts with the co.
The family becomes even more alienated.
He confronts the c.
But not about carly.
The performances are solid throughout.
He comforts her and offers protection.
That's pretty much it.
In brief:_this film needs no introduction.
First thing's first.
Is it all it's hyped up to be.
Mainly yes,i'm happy to say.
It's engaging,touching and very enjoyable.
Which leads us to the second half of the film.
We all knew it was coming.
Haven't mentioned the script.
As for the dialogue.
It's a period drama.
Did they really use phrases like"goddamn it.
Back in the turn of the century.
Stick with directing,dude.
Directing-wise cameron does a spectacular job.
Hell,don't talk to me about oscars.
Nope,i don't think so.
Well i guess that's typical hollywood for you.
The duo must always be completely mismatched.
This movie was exceptional for many reasons.
Experience counts for a lot.
And that's a question only time will tell.
Critique:a fun football movie.
And did i mention the t&a.
That's right,he's sonny's son.
No words can describe the dvd.
Why is he stalking her.
Check out halloween ii it explains it all.
The movie is flawless if not perfect.
See'halloween'and be scared.
Then watch it again.
The performances are phenominal all around.
Stuart little is a charming family film.
Night shyamalan no less.
Kids and parents will love this one.
There's still more.
The girls ask a ouija board"i need to know.
Just say the words that you'll be mine.
What does this have to do with stuart little.
I told you that wasn't confusing.
Overall,i was very pleased with frequency.
Or stop some kids from shooting other kids.
Or buy stock from yahoo.
There are some problems with the film though.
You may be surprised as well.
And the soundtrack.
At least this film has a little imagination.
This is a tribute to both direction and acting.
Go see the film and see what i mean.
According to the program notes,it was mr.
Everything is miraculous to a child.
This one's as good as old yeller.
But there is trouble on the horizon.
Wong,singing:donny osmond.
But she's not alone in her tasks.
Reminiscent of on the beach.
Us release may be problematical.
Perhaps a pbs release would be possible.
Grocery stores mostly looted.
It seems though that one of everything is left.
Some people are in total denial.
Much comedy,much drama.
Very canadian cast.
It does not get dark.
It is just always daytime.
Why would it be so precisely at midnight.
What about other time zones.
That's basically how i felt about this movie.
She is married to tony(christopher mcdonald.
But then one night,cole shows up.
And here is where the fun begins.
Aki ross(ming-na)and dr.
Why do these aliens feed on souls.
It's title:starship troopers.
Am i being to generous to this film.
And they should be.
Stating,"would you like to know more.
Unfortunately,rico isn't interested in dizzy.
And as a result,dizzy signs up.
An hour into the film,the war begins.
It's about special effects and gory violence.
To most guys,he will come across as artificial.
Her dizzy is extremely likeable.
However,he does give a good performance.
His performance rises above the rest.
Director verhoeven is the main star of the film.
His direction is fast and unrelentless.
The dialogue is smart but not too smart.
Oh,and the special effects are first rate.
It is extremely violent.
Now that would be entertaining.
The other performances are equally solid.
It's funny,sexy and subversive.
And it shouldn't be missed.
Funny and pointed in its own way.
Goro has a supermarket.
And what fun it is.
We could learn something along the way,too.
Tampopo is also very enjoyable.
I can sum up first strike in one word:awesome.
The trailer for the film sums it up quite well.
Jackie chan is a regular comedian.
The story opens with the rich mrs.
She's too fine a woman.
Paradine's portrait nearby.
Paradine acquitted because,if mrs.
Paradine dies,his heart will go with her.
If she is freed,he will be able to forget her.
Paradine poisoned himself,mrs.
Paradine did it,or the valet did it.
The picture is in black and white.
Deceiver has the power to grab an audience.
Both play their characters like familiar types.
On that fateful night,the titanic sunk.
And what a film that is.
But,the"new"song is a hit.
Is somehow involved in the strange goings on.
To reveal any more of the story would be unfair.
His latest challenge is his biggest though.
To some degree,i agree with this sentiment.
Which brings me back to blade.
The end results are not pretty by any means.
However,the film works best as an action film.
Regardless,this film is far from perfect.
That is,until now.
I will tread lightly.
However,an fbi agent(keaton)and a local l.
The acting side of jackie brown is unforgettable.
Jackson is very strong in his role.
Unlike hurricanes,their reach is unlimited.
Unlike fires,there is no way to combat them.
Unlike floods,their terror is sudden.
That is until i saw twister.
It will suck in cars,houses,livestock,etc.
Watch it in a good theatre.
Pretty good,bring a friend.
Amazing,potent stuff.
The hurricane"leans on denzel washington.
D route possible,it does.
The canadians are good.
Love's gonna bust me out.
Washington makes this film look good.
Denzel washington's"the hurricane.
Sounds pretty good to me.
Hadden(john hurt.
Then hadden reappears with startling news.
When she returns home,no one believes her.
Eighteen hours worth of static.
That is the voice of science speaking.
And jet the film fails on several issues.
Existenz"does not.
A fan can't help but feel visibly moved.
What the hell has happened to him.
And i'm loving it.
Without doing a thing.
The result is a film of highs and mediums.
But other places are really great scenes.
The visuals are also amazing.
The film,though,has many trouble spots.
Paul schrader's script is=one.
The film is also overlong.
It is truly=one of scorsese's finest moments.
And believe me,there's plenty of it.
Attitude that would sugarcoat the reality of war.
It's not that way for long.
Tell me i'm a good man.
What they find though isn't great.
To me the movie came off as a spoof of jaws.
Men in black is a four-star three-star film.
Naturally nobody believes his story.
James edwards no longer exists.
It is the land of opportunities.
It is the land of freedom.
But what if it became the new target.
Then all hell breaks loose in new york.
A broadway theater is bombed.
Hostages are taken at a school.
F moronic feds we're used to seeing in movies.
But the attacks escalate.
The land is under siege.
They have lost control.
A terror is coming from within.
It reflects reality.
And that's why it makes such an impact.
Government(the army,the fbi,and the cia.
Was that what the terror.
Ists really wanted.
But to me these protests seem unnecessary.
The script is therefore wonderfully balanced.
Denzel washington is dashing as always.
The film is elegantly shaped.
He tightens the intensity as the events progress.
It's a broadsword,not a scalpel.
William devereaux,"the siege.
The film definately has it's flaws.
The thing is,it's a vaild point.
What's the greater good here.
Many lives or one life.
But it doesn't,and that's creative.
What is a scary movie anyhow.
The scene of"second best"is laid in wales.
James is a mentally unbalanced child.
In the home he feels sadly and lonely.
This person is graham holt(william hurt.
He is a single and hasn't any real friends.
James and graham have to open theirselves.
Second best"is an underestimated masterpiece.
Something very,very evil.
Climaxes i've recently witnessed.
Overall,event horizon is a smart film indeed.
Not for the squemish.
As odd as it sounds,it's true.
The film generally writes off the trekkies vs.
Trekker polemic as not worth arguing about.
These people are having the time of their lives.
He says his patients like it.
There are summer schools for klingon with ph.
Linguists to teach the language.
Is he planning to start world war iii.
National security adviser.
I was pleasantly surprised by this film.
How much could you dress up the sets.
Titanic tells its story in two time periods.
There she tells her story to lovett and his team.
Girls are going to swoon over him.
Bombay getting work.
It was easy to fear the worst.
Who needs one,kid.
We've got ourselves a formula.
The premise is a simple one.
And what a pair of performances those leads are.
It's his job to bring in a fugitive.
My advice is to catch it.
You are killing me.
You are killing me.
But nothing entirely groundbreaking.
But,in a nutshell,it's a good film.
However,it can't be ignored.
Best described as an mr.
Bean from the planet naboo,he steals the show.
The film is pure fun from beginning to end.
And isn't that what really matters.
No major surprise,when j.
Edward norton plays their jerky lawyer.
To go beyond good and evil.
If you have something in mind,please tell me.
Deep rising is one of"those"movies.
Them wacky monsters,gotta love'em.
Luckily,it's a very good b movie.
Well,that's new.
These flicks are not supposed to make us laugh.
Our man treat is the hero,he'll live.
Famke is the babe,'nuff said.
How can we possibly explain having to kill him.
I'm a man,we nottice these things.
The acting is decent,the effects top rate.
How to best describe it.
The camera slowly find particular window.
Kill them mercifully,but do it.
You are what you are.
For do not doubt,you are a killer.
That is how lestat is teaching luis.
Only her wise,dark eyes reveal her age.
Ironically the film's only miss is the script.
Is that what i should do.
My father,my luis,who made me.
Luis:"everything will be alright.
Claudia:"do you really believe that.
And then they hug emotionally.
Be a little practical.
Never in the house.
Reflection is the biggest killer for this film.
As he strolls home,he encounters a hooker.
Bill is intrigued and wants to go to one.
I recommend this film highly on many merits.
Robin hood is a classic story of rich and poor.
You won't regret it.
Same goes for brando,redford,even deniro.
Now,however,the coolness is fading.
Oh,and it's rated g.
No father,i didn't,"ronnie answers.
We pity the man,but we also like him.
He is almost a national treasure.
His films deserve their own genre.
As a narrative film,the cell is sorely lacking.
This awe-inspiring movie deserves to be seen.
It's certainly more than just a monster story.
His gole is to reach the north pole at all costs.
He is remembering his childhood and youth.
This idyllic lifestyle is suddenly changed.
You did not have to die.
No one should ever die.
The result was ugliness.
The creature has escaped.
Brannagh has more or less done that.
Another thing is characters and actors.
He is capable of killing without regret.
And then i slowly crushed his neck.
And as i killed him,i saw your face.
With the power of an electrical storm.
All i once loved lies in a shallow grave.
Following her example,branagh does the same.
His film is a tragic saga about playing god.
Victor frankenstein is not an evil man.
He wanted to change the world to the better.
Exactly what was i looking at.
As such,there is no real story.
I guess that explains the title.
As such,i respect the way the film looks.
Shakespeare would die for the book rights.
Chasing amy and dogma.
And the laughs continue to grow.
This bit will leave you howling.
Goodbye jay and silent bob.
At least you're going out with a blast.
How wrong they were.
The story is about martians attacking earth.
Using ray guns(hooray.
They generally cause havoc around the u.
S and other countries.
But,most of all,this film is fun.
The new"m"is a woman.
They make a great team.
It might just be kevin's best work to date.
All kevin smith fans must see.
Austen originally penned in her novel.
God's word contains both.
So does a marriage based upon his truth.
And what battle scenes they are.
Still,the script could of been a lot better.
Earth'idea revamped.
This film is best watched on the big-screen.
I didn't feel much upon initially watching it.
This is not a movie that hits you right away.
This is as real as it gets folks.
I know i'll be first in line to buy one.
In many ways,this debate could go either way.
It doesn't make too much sense.
Definitely on the"do not miss"list.
Be prepared for a very memorable film.
The wings of the dove fits the pattern.
Let's sum up:millie has fallen for merton.
He's not sure he can separate the two.
One is left with feelings of regret and despair.
Every viewer is sure to like both of them.
The kirk jones script is indeed off-the-cuff.
There's a devoted dad(john c.
But then trouble begins.
Of fish that could spoil.
What better message is there for christmas.
Not to mention an expensive one.
And boy,did he take that route.
When they arrive,they find the planet in ruins.
Well,they would be wrong,my friends.
That's right,best actress.
Then again,maybe not.
So who will be the next king.
The cast is exceptional.
If you haven't seen the movie,rent it.
Then rewind the tape,and watch it again.
Trust me,you'll be amazed.
It has happened again.
It is involving,suspenseful.
The sixth sense is that movie.
Not just in dreams.
And not just as lifeless bodies.
He sees them walking around like regular people.
And he sees them all the time.
Malcolm crowe(willis)is trying to help him.
But first he needs to gain cole's trust.
About his"secrets.
It is fine work for one of such a tender age.
Keep your eye on this young man.
The supporting cast is also quite effective.
Twenty-eight year old m.
An event which has not yet occurred.
Payback is often a very violent film.
Distribution,thanks to first run features.
Star-crossed lovers with no where to go.
Her character is fun to watch.
The ending is a bit too pat.
Everything is tied up with a neat little bow.
It's an interesting premise.
Very surprising for a sci-fi movie.
The matrix drips with style.
The film is not without its faults.
Struggling toughly,col.
Nicholson forces the japanese commandant,col.
A flaw of the picture is the clich.
D characterization of the japanese people.
The audience is supposed to applaud col.
Nicholson takes for his men.
The plot by-passes these risks.
That means,the picture isn't perfect.
But it has a lot of virtues as well.
C)karl rackwitz(klein k.
And there's that michael j.
It has altered the way films will be viewed.
Scene from"deliverance.
That version cut out,like,half the movie.
But why shouldn't he.
Give the guy a break.
And besides,it's one hell of a ride.
Any help would be greatly appreciated.
The ending itself is great.
This is mississippi.
Both deserve serious oscar-consideration.
At least the make-up was realistic.
It's not sensational.
It's a film of generous subtlety and emotion.
Losing a job is not an all too uncommon thing.
Max immediately bonds with sam.
Campbell gives a stunning performance.
Trouble is,i have already seen it.
The style in which it is filmed is rich in color.
We can turn off our brains,right.
He's heading the class discussion.
Cheers)crimes(boos.
What is a sex crime.
One student responds.
And so,wild things sets into motion.
Kelly is stubborn and continues to pursue him.
This is pretty much just one trashy film.
It's good trash,in a sense.
And this movie breaks the boundaries.
It's not as graphic as you might think.
You can tell she will be around for a long time.
Towards the end she does get a bigger part.
And then there is bill murray.
His direction is smooth and stylish.
The cinematography is gorgeous in its details.
Then,there is the music.
It's wonderfully composed and presented.
So why not give it to them.
Did i mention that this film is rated r.
The film is often down-right corny.
What was the war about.
How did civilization change so rapidly.
Why is the general named"bethlehem.
Sometimes the movie feels like a joke.
An army of postal workers armed with guns.
Good will hunting"is about one of those people.
And he works at mit.
And,duh,it's done again.
Maybe it was just me.
He refuses to shut up.
Up next:jay and silent bob strike back.
Paranoia,jealousy,and blind rage.
Sex and violence are inextricably linked.
La motta is a raging bull.
Perhaps even his brother.
Raging bull is the other side of rocky.
As the younger jake,de niro is trim and fit.
How many actors would go that far.
The only kind of woman who would ensnare jake.
After that,his career was all downhill.
I coulda been a contenda.
Some of that is in the casting of the two leads.
Most comedies these days have one flaw.
They're not funny.
The son goes with them,of course.
What happens next is sidesplitting.
He uses it to great effect in this movie.
A simple reconciliation would do the trick.
Maybe they were being merciful,on reflection.
It goes from character to character.
In short,this movie is just awesome.
Director anand tucker tells this story well.
But,hey,as it is,i can hardly complain.
And i wonder:is that so bad.
Well,the commercial part is.
All i know is that i just like them both.
Here,the setup is a little different.
She is also having an affair,of sorts.
He is,i believe,america's greatest actor.
Does he show it here.
Which is what this movie boils down to.
It's pure confection.
There are some immense flaws,like pacing.
They just work together,and it's nice to see.
It gives you,well,a smile.
Rather,he is ending it with her.
There are several subplots involving alan.
It's a sweet,measured moment.
In short,i had a good time.
Freeman,as well as the little-seen dr.
Aliens"is a wild,tense thriller.
One is the aforementioned surgery scene.
Johner:"well,i can get you off.
The music is especially notable.
Fortunately,i was wrong.
There is very little to criticise.
Krippendorf's tribe is a formula comedy.
Luckily,some people got starship troopers.
Some people knew it was supposed to be silly.
Nothing is taken seriously.
Not since the old"mr.
This is brainless heaven.
Just remember not to think.
One tee-shirt really says it all about him.
The plot,and"the truth,"are uninspired.
Make this fantastic film feel more real.
Ward russell's cinematography is very good.
Don't believe the previews that you see.
This is definitely not a film for everyone.
Think of the film city of angels.
But due to it's story,i doubt it will.
But don't get me wrong.
I hope the film does do well.
The only film that surpasses it is dark city.
Guided by albert(cuba gooding,jr.
Chris decides to leave her alone.
Little does he realize what will happen next.
We're soul mates.
But what dreams may come goes a different route.
Chris'heaven is his memories brought to life.
Instead,it's a state of being.
It's truly a frightening sequence.
It is,after all,just a movie.
Overall,it's williams and sciorra's film.
Some will find the plot distracting.
Some will find the visuals absolutely glorious.
And some will find both.
Just thought i should let you know.
Clarence has got his own problems,however.
One christmas,potter gets his chance.
Without the money,the bank must close down.
It's a wonderful life does have its faults.
Stewart,however,is the king of all of this.
I shouldn't have.
This is a really good movie.
No,this is a great movie.
Better yet,this is a phenomenal movie.
This is one of those films.
There,i've said it.
Is it a little too sugar-coated.
It is the perfect christmas film,flaws and all.
Everyone knows the story of dracula.
Oh boy,this is something far more compelling.
This man is dreadfully lonely.
This is a timely re-release by anchor bay.
However,death isn't through with them yet.
Starring kati outinen,kari v.
This sets the tone for the rest of the movie.
Irony would be an injustice.
The emotions are authentic.
There is no selling point.
Sliding doors is a love'what if'story.
This leads to a life where helen moves out.
There are minor inconveniences.
Are spoken by the british characters.
Monty python and the meaning of fate,anybody.
Produced and directed by kirby dick.
This film is not rated.
Behold these works of physical art.
It goes a step beyond cinematic intimacy.
The issues at stake are many and one.
And want to win the war they do.
He tries not to show her as a saint or a villain.
He shows her as a human being.
The only support and hope is in god.
God is no longer her support.
He has become her obsession.
But the film is far from being flawless.
The script needs a lot of polishing.
Except for jeanne,there are no real characters.
The messenger'has muscles instead of brains.
Or was she truly a messenger of god.
And when it doesn't work,it's just dull.
Anyone who comes to mars attacks.
Rod steiger does an amusing enough take on dr.
Fox is her newsman husband.
Regimen to shoot crash for david cronenberg.
Until early next year--but mars attacks.
Is surely a similarly elegant nightmare.
This is not a nice movie.
There are other nice touches.
The heartbreak kid(reviewed on aug.
Halfway there,he begins to resent his bride.
The heartbreak kid"is not a date movie.
One thing about this movie,its target.
I was dead wrong about all of those things.
The emperor's new groove is funny.
Here's the plot;try to follow along.
Then the fun starts.
The sheer weirdness factor is very high.
Its tagline,"oceans rise.
Tbwp is simply smart.
Simply amazing in that respect,i must say.
You have to see it for yourself.
As kids say these days,duh.
I saw the film--twice.
I was right;castro remained intact.
Cuba's government is castro.
He enjoys the finer things--tea,opera,art.
His small apartment is a sensual oasis.
Real criticism is missing though.
This movie is political window dressing.
Luis aguilar leon's op.
There is no rock score.
There are no ballet-like martial arts.
She has one condition.
He must stay retired from crime.
More and more details seem to complicate the job.
He plays what is nearly a double role.
Then the pace really picks up.
I'm a jew,but life can still be beautiful.
We see the story unfold as spacey retells it.
And joanna cassidy.
There,trouble arises.
After breakdown,he should gain vast notoriety.
Worth a special mentioning is j.
Breakdown yields exactly that.
The film has one fault,however.
His performance is very chilling.
Welles is searching for answers.
Those expecting a grisly,risqu.
On second glance it looks that way too.
What disaster is that.
Note to sage--you are still young.
Would this be too much to ask.
Can't we all just get along.
Better than average stallone flick.
Remember,the robot.
The romantic angle is handled ever so delicately.
Pllllleeeeease,i just like her that's all.
The show has many funny twists.
Oh,and eating is pretty funny too.
It is rated pg for fantasy combat.
Draw your own conclusions.
Bruce willis and sixth sense director m.
Writer/director m.
When unbreakable revealed its own ending.
One thing seems clear,though.
There's good news and bad news about mulan.
That's chinese culture for you.
It should have been called g.
Mulan calls on her ancestors for help.
You ain't never had a friend like mushu.
And the ones they do have aren't memorable.
Otherwise,mulan is a good movie.
Sulu"takei does a voice in mulan.
Who can you think of.
Well,there's mr.
We've got ourselves a movie now.
Although one does have to ask.
Those moments made me cringe and/or groan.
The coens take aim at just about every elite l.
Into my bewildered visage.
It's almost always a surprise.
It sure as niflheim was this time.
Another short circuit.
This is a very sturdy scenario.
He uses obstacles to the plot to*enforce*it.
Screw what i think.
Yet it's also oddly and slightly unsatisfying.
It's that it's just kind of unsatisfying.
Point two,it has been through several lawyers.
Is he feeling a sense of overachievement.
I suppose like a grisham novel.
It only feels like half of that.
Call it the zallian effect.
Almost immediately,an arrest is made.
But something doesn't seem quite right.
Suspicion and questions begin to mount.
Odd alliances are created.
The underlying mystery is compelling.
The look and feel of the movie is gorgeous.
And,the dialogue is rich and memorable.
You haven't had the practice.
Well,that is what this movie is about.
Computer generated aliens.
The dialogue is witty to say the least.
Originally written after original release.
But how realistic are these ideals.
Joe had raped and been raped in texas.
We understand that joe adopts the fa.
There are two predominant images of new york.
What has become of joe's american dream.
The party makes a mockery of joe's ideals.
Michael rappaport is basically throwaway.
Typical action escapist fare.
The film opens with mr.
Amelie herself,which got frustrating.
And this guy directed alien:resurrection.
Where's joblo coming from.
Pauline at the beach,"is a film worth seeing.
In fact it's not even a comedy.
Rob gordon was a dj.
Where did he go wrong.
Was it he that screwed up.
Or maybe life just stinks.
He is simply superb.
It is as much his movie as it is frears.
The film would not be the same without him.
Both______and jack black are fabulous.
He is simply a joy to behold.
Nothing seems unreal or staged.
It reflects reality as a mirror.
You feel and think and reflect.
This effect has become a rarity nowadays.
And so does the movie.
It's not an special effects extravaganza.
It's a small movie about the big things.
Will it bore some people to sleep.
Is it made for the scream audiences of the day.
Now what was that sound in the basement.
Honey,can you go check.
D as it might be to say.
Stanley kubrick would be proud.
So where's that gun again.
Where's joblo coming from.
Animation by emily hubley.
Music and lyrics by stephn trask.
Written and directed by john cameron mitchell.
I almost missed it.
Thank goodness for readers like him.
Life is an exercise in duality for hansel.
A wall splits his hometown into two parts.
Several years later,mr.
Cut to the present.
True originals do not come along very often.
The matrix isn't a classic.
The production works that way as well.
Oh,what's a mother to do.
He is a man who has had his share of bad things.
Whatever happens the film was excellent to me.
It has been done before with varying results.
On the technical side,shrek triumphs.
But fame doesn't come without a price.
The acting throughout primary colors is superb.
Primary colors treads lightly on this issue.
Primary colors'chief problem is its length.
Robocop takes place in detroit in the future.
Things are pretty bleak.
Nancy allen does a decent job.
But they made one anyway.
This film is pretty bizaare.
The effects are still decent though.
If you liked the first one,watch this.
But be dissapointed.
Among other things.
This movie is easier to follow than the last one.
Which means the plot isn't quite as crowded.
This movie isn't anything special though.
Really not reccomended.
Digitally edited the orgy scene.
Tom is completely convincing as dr.
Then again,perhaps it was to him as well.
Harper after he's released and ben is hanged.
Cooper(lillian gish.
Jamaica is a hot vacation spot.
Is forcing on the citizens.
Of being the sole perpetrator of its grief.
He is that amazing.
His anger is heightened to a point of no control.
He realizes that society is changing.
As it happens,it didn't take long.
Franco zeffirelli,that's who.
Remember the pathetic pocahontas.
The voicework here is pretty top-level.
And the music's not half bad,either.
The main story is about dr.
The performances are all very commendable.
Both jacques and windsor play their parts well.
A must-see carry on movie.
He made the west dirty in"mccabe and mrs.
Dies and goes to hell where he meets satan.
Satan and saddam hussein are lovers,you see.
Toilet humor,endless profanity,etc.
Everyone on that plane learned the hard way.
And yes,the film is that intense.
Don't let the film's cheesy dissuade you.
Nothing could be further from the truth.
The roommates are at odds with what to do.
Are they giving the guests a chance.
Are they even giving them good food anymore.
This film is such a pleasant surprise.
Stacy title does a wonderful job directing.
Perlman gives the films'best performance.
I loved the wedding singer.
After all,this is adam sandler right.
Well,there's more.
I actually got choked up,and more than once.
It's hilarious,and it's touching.
This is one to see again and again.
Hollywood is a pimp.
It's like bowfinger,only,you know,good.
But that's for the future.
Say,any of you know how to madison.
And immediately tanked at the box office.
Frank-n-furter(tim curry.
Where the film was originally shot.
He's great in the film,as usual.
Kevin smith is like a big kid.
Basically,dogmatism is bad.
The film's humor is uneven.
Damon and affleck are fairly lackluster.
The action is presented in flat,brutal codas.
Bullets have permanence.
Death has consequences.
It is an anti-movie,of sorts.
He craves nothing more.
Ghost dog wasn't always as he is presented.
A reflection of days gone by.
Ruffini seems the truest reflection of the mafia.
That is no easy task.
By now alarm bells are going off among viewers.
Is he part of a wider conspiracy.
Tellingly,alice is present but not included.
It doesn't matter.
Alice is the subject of this movie.
She and her journey toward personal freedom.
The thai guards were authoritarian(what else.
But certainly not routinely sadistic.
But freedom seldom comes without a price.
And"how far would you go.
There's more there than meets the eye.
That's what you're supposed to do.
This leaves ed and bobby.
Did it live up to the first film.
She has been so upset since the incident.
It starts off as the weekend of their dreams.
Matthew settle and freddie prinze jr.
Are a completely different story.
Let's start with settle.
Matthew is completely fake in this film.
Is almost as bad as matthew settle was.
He made them suffer for what they did.
He had to go after karla,will,and tyrell.
Brian depalma needs a hit*really*badly.
They sound natural.
Let's move to the movie itself.
Sound pretty heavy.
Soran from star trek:generations.
Okay,i promise,no more comparisons.
And there is police officer jim kurring(john c.
It is not a pleasant movie.
There is not one bad note in the acting.
It is affecting and layered and wonderful.
The problem is that he stays on them too long.
And just what is the theme.
It's a harbinger of the synchronicity to come.
What's surprising is that it mostly works.
My rating:a bulleye.
But tyson also gets the film's scariest moment.
The plot is flimsy but manageable.
The bad:no scares.
She is rescued by jack and.
Flees with them on their search for valek.
You enjoy the time you spent and go on.
The picture is crisp and clear.
Not in your dreams.
Three kings is much smarter than that.
Highly recommended.
Brown)falls madly in love with daphne.
Lemmon is hysterical as daphne.
Nobody's perfect but billy wilder.
And written by brad kaaya,is very grim.
And that is how it should be.
The performances in o vary.
But these are minor carpings.
Overall,o is a stylish and faithful adaptation.
Hall,comes to the rescue.
At the center of everything is irma p.
Hall,as big mama jo.
It gets so bad,sunday dinner is even cancelled.
Hall and brandon hammond.
Brandon hammond is an actor with a bright future.
The dialogue is beleiveable and funny.
And then there's the food.
Fincher's the game is no exception to this.
So it is about time he made another film.
And what a ride it is.
Perhaps that is the reason i docked the film.
Can he believe the waitress he bumped into.
I am not a fan of the musicals.
E and his colleagues.
I'm assuming that collins requested the same.
Ever wonder what happened to gabe kaplan.
So,"you ask,"where is he now.
Sorry about the segue,or lack thereof.
One game in a cigar club had me in stitches.
Okay,i guess that's enough.
Evil going on in the depths of space.
In the wrong alien hands(flippers.
It can be used as a weapon.
And,this isn't an independence day knockoff.
Yet,this movie is very appealing.
They click like dorothy's ruby red shoes.
It is that good of a film.
It's funny,though.
But believe me,it is anything but.
Jump to the present.
Somehow,the farrelly's pull it off.
The performances here are also right on target.
Earl brown as mary's brother.
There is just something about"mary.
Rarely has a movie been such a labor of love.
Duvall has every movement down pat.
He dances and claps all the way.
And they lap it up.
People jump up,scream,"praise the lord.
But sonny is no saint.
One of the best movies i've ever seen.
What's the word-a twinky.
No cardboard characters here.
I really can't fault this movie at all.
Why on earth were they left out of the original.
This reviewer finds it utterly incomprehensible.
I say"quite"because some flaws do remain.
See it and be moved,gripped and spellbound.
I liked showgirls(there,i said it.
I imagine that this shows.
All of this happens fairly early in the film.
I'd give the preview four stars.
But i'm not here to talk about the preview.
I'm here to talk about denise richards.
The other actors are good,too.
And wayne knight-`hello newman.
Running time is a bit short.
Would you recommend this to friends.
Certain questions baffle him at first.
Why does his home in heaven ooze with paint.
What is the significance of the asian stewardess.
To help him find annie.
Alas,i have one regret.
The journey is imaginative.
That over with,the fight is on.
It is in french with english subtitles.
Keaton's wardrobe is equally appropriate.
The batcave is cold,bare,and desolate.
The plot,on the other hand,is not as rousing.
More than anything,batman is a mood film.
And the main reason i dug it so much.
Since vincent looks a bit like him.
In one scene from"the people vs.
Overall,that sums up"the people vs.
Flynt's other prime foe is rev.
Suite,strung out on pain killers.
That doll's moving on its own.
But because he's a generally scary character.
Which isn't necessarily a bad thing.
Alot of the jokes are very similar to hot shots.
In being very"parodyish.
Let's just hope they make a thousand sequels.
Sorry,i had to get the lame joke in.
Muslims kill christians.
Hindus kill muslims.
Christians kill pagans.
Jews kill christians,etc.
Religion is an orgy of killing.
Parenthetically,witness plato as well.
It is a straightforward liberation through sex.
Who else has found it.
Also,jungian archetypes abound.
The two of course go hand in hand.
Then what were they killing up to that time.
It of course symbolizes rebirth.
Mickey:how ya feelin.
Wayne:fucking great.
Mickey:you got the feelin.
Wayne:i'm alive.
I'm alive for the first fuckin'time.
What an incredible transformation this is.
The plot's not really essential.
The acting,from most around is great.
And brosnan is,once again,the mack daddy.
The film's main character,dr.
Lez),who has neither a mother nor a father.
Zar),a priest who has lost his faith.
Fuentes and domingo.
Critique:awesome.
So yes,i really dug this movie.
But it's not for everyone.
Where's joblo coming from.
Lots of war stuff happens.
Yet it's almost as good.
Streeming through my head.
Even fonda shows off her talents nicely.
Certainly a worthwhile visit to the theaters.
Richard chance(william l.
The dark atmosphere of l.
In every case,to live and die in l.
The action is plentiful and well done.
This is a very good-looking movie.
The promotion for fear and loathing in las vegas.
Gonzo(benito del toro.
Unlike,say,brazil.
All sara can do is await it.
And although they at least didn.
Secrets i would not dream of giving away.
The performances all around are fantastic.
Which brings me back to douglas.
He does not seem particularly out of place.
Slim and odds-and-ends fall for each other.
That's predictable.
It's typical,for instance,that the fianc.
But here the fianc.
The cinematography is amazing in the mummy.
Hulot"(also known as"mr.
Dialogue comedy in film.
In"les vacances de m.
Note:"les vacances de m.
Hulot"was not rated by the mpaa.
It would at most receive a pg rating.
Everyone loves surprises.
Otherwise,do not see it all.
The other was_the thirteenth floor_
No wonder it fell through the cracks.
There are one or two instances of jerky editing.
And yet,ultimately,it proves the suits right.
If we don't support great sf,who will.
Melvin has some great lines.
He's an equal opportunity bigot.
And she's none too happy about it.
He even develops a friendship with simon.
All three people are heavily damaged.
Melvin has retreated from life in his apartment.
Nicholson may be the best actor working today.
Their on-screen chemistry is a bit odd.
This year it's in the sixties and raining.
That wacky el nino.
A lesser cast could have made this film a joke.
What's eating gilbert grape.
The same can be said of the character of gilbert.
Meanwhile,there's jennifer lopez.
His only duty is to ring a gong.
Opinion:east meets west.
But even the tiniest details reveal quality.
Balance is crucial.
Or am i confusing movie plots again.
I won't come out and say it.
Roommates plays on all the major emotions.
There are no absolutes.
The film has an amazing apocalyptic style.
Filmmaker in the world is kiyoshi kurosawa.
His films all seem to have one style,bleak.
The worlds he creates are terrifying and cold.
Cure is probably his classic.
Pulse is kurosawa back on form.
Meanwhile he slips behind a plastic curtain.
But they are not entirely dead.
Leave it to kurosawa to find a new kind of death.
When i saw the trailers,i was thinking"hmm.
This isn't bad at all.
This just might have potential.
This film could be good.
It's not our kind,"he says.
One day,a new animal shows up:humans.
This is where jane comes into the picture.
I'm not gonna tell you,sorry.
You're gonna have to see for yourself.
The casting is fairly good.
I take back my insult on driver.
She says,more than once.
Overall,i was enthralled with tarzan.
We're the fans,not the freaks.
All right,stop looking at me like that.
We have been faithfully and patiently waiting.
Unfortunately,it is not our savior.
Character development is virtually nonexistent.
In the phantom menace,we get doo doo.
Don't let me mislead you too far.
Allison janney,as the guidance counselor ms.
The only problem is that kit refuses to be in it.
But this won't stop the aggressive bowfinger.
Will bowfinger be able to make his film.
The crew works for several reasons.
It won't be easy.
Stone constructed his film as a mythical good vs.
His style is sitcom bland.
But his writing isn't.
Diesl shines in his minor role.
The two make an oddly likeable couple.
That message being,"greed is bad.
Boiler room offers neither extreme.
But it's not all in the dialogue.
Just don't forget to have fun.
Spike jonze(mark wahlberg's na.
And then there's the cast.
Navigating around dr.
Then things get a little weird.
The performances are superb.
Truer words were never spoken.
If you haven't yet seen it,go see it.
He is living life without a purpose.
This crush is only the beginning.
Macy,joan allen,j.
That said,the plot goes as such.
Though not for lack of trying.
Well,he doesn't have any goals.
It's either time to grow up or bow down.
Critique:first things first.
This isn't a kid's movie.
But that's not even half the story.
You see,the film is damn funny,too.
And i mean,damn funny.
And there are the performances,too.
Damn dude,you scared the shit outta me.
And everyone else,too.
Where's joblo coming from.
You know without having to be told.
You look ten times better.
He says it without thinking.
Like he knows without her having to say anything.
You see his eyes,and you believe him.
It's a perfect moment in a near perfect movie.
Confidential is the best movie of the year.
In a phrase,it is everything.
Besides,there's too much to describe.
His movements are fierce.
His intensity oozes out of the screen.
I didn't want the theater experience to end.
Confidential(directed by curtis hanson.
Thankfully,that's not the way henry works.
They are damned together from that moment on.
Henry and ottis eventually begin to kill for fun.
Then again,probably,so would henry.
In the end,"rounders"holds a winning hand.
Still others point to the clich.
Don't let them kill him.
Let him die on his own.
There seem to be two reactions to dark city.
You either love it or you are unimpressed.
Count me as a"love it.
Surprised,the attacker runs off.
Dark city is good on many levels.
First,the look of the movie is excellent.
Second,the editing of the film is good.
Third,the special effects are well used.
A simple ripple effect is used.
Why do we put up with it.
We try to talk about it,and look what happens.
There's the admirable crux of this picture.
Simpson,tom capano,the menendez brothers.
Luckily,he has a strong supporting cast.
Robert duvall is also an underrated actor.
Duvall is magical in this role.
This is not the case in a civil action.
They have comedy coming from all sides.
The plot is terrific-somewhat.
The film is smart,witty and thought provoking.
Redford's canvas is huge and exquisite.
The wait,it turns out,was well worth it.
Field of dreams almost defies description.
If you build it,he will come.
Not"babe:pig in the city.
In essence,it doesn't attempt to copy itself.
That's not to say the familiar is absent.
It is a world that you want to walk around in.
In other words,the sound sucked.
It is nothing short of stunning visually.
The ending itself was just plain strange.
Alchemy is steeped in shades of blue.
Kieslowski's blue,that is.
Through louisa's struggles,she succeeds.
The cinematography is stunning.
Who would have thought.
Jim carrey does drama.
That man is truman burbank(jim carrey.
Christof is the"god"of this made-up world.
The film can be described in one word:weird.
Jim carrey actually lived up to the hype.
And he showed them all up.
Jim carrey was snubbed at the oscars.
He ventures into the wrong elevator.
A light crashes in front of him.
His father comes back and is then pulled away.
It really makes you think.
Beating and torture are commonplace events.
Conformity is purpose.
This serves a double purpose for cunningham.
It also creates a distancing effect.
And all of this is great fun.
The script,by favreau,is great.
The acting is superb.
Firstly,the running time is a bit too short.
But the basic premise is still valid.
They live their lives in front of the television.
To them,this is the best day of their lives.
They even get to meet the president.
You'll never hear the end of it.
By that point,it was evident that mr.
Bond was back with a vengeance.
The world is not enough is no exception.
Why this point is included is beyond me.
After all,it isn't shakespeare.
How about the cast.
Then there are the bond girls.
Then we have denise richards.
So how does it stack up.
This is easily the best of the brosnan films.
Is relatively unknown.
You do like risks,don't you,mr.
Rhea alluringly coos.
Boys,form a line behind me.
Palmetto"does have its share of grievances.
Everything runs smoothly.
I'm supposed to be a film critic.
Nevertheless,i quite enjoyed it.
But the lenders are not alone in their house.
On a train in the u.
Chon demands to know where carson city is.
Roy directs him,and chon leaves.
Shanghai noon"is just good fun.
The chemistry between the cast is remarkable.
His innocence is refreshing and fun.
A bad guy that's not really bad.
Nothing here is realistic,mind you.
And the performances match that style with ease.
The cinematography by dan mindel is gorgeous.
Using calgary,alberta as the prime location.
It is a comforting experience.
In this,his first film mr.
And what of the action and stunts.
His way and incorporating his style.
Not too heavy and not too light.
What are the rules of the reunion sub-genre.
They all have to be slightly to highly neurotic.
Eightly,they're all unhappy or marginally so.
And in some ways it is.
As for peter,things seem okay.
And it isn't even a sexual relationship.
Leaving las vegas"is not a film about plot.
Both actors perform beyond the call of duty.
In his mind,his daughter is dead.
It just seemed cheap to me.
This is part of the fun of watching scream.
Oh,but enough about that.
A spectacular pod race comes soon hereafter.
Think of it as a,well,ending.
Sethe is proud,though,and will not move.
If she was strictly an actress.
That's not to say this is a perfect film.
Chew food with your mouth open.
Or so strangely poignant.
Then,chris begins to rob banks.
We're a real family",she notes wryly.
It's not a perfect film.
Pretty good,bring a friend.
Amazing,potent stuff.
For every gag that works,at least one fizzles.
Well,since airplane.
It's hard not to recommend"the others.
This causes emotion problems for all involved.
The horse whisperer is delicately made.
Ky karyo)comes as a complete surprise to him.
After all,people die every day.
He has trouble keeping in touch with reality.
She would do anything to harm anton.
Ky karyo is perfect as anton.
He is,well,repulsive.
That's all there is to say about him.
The usa and france.
This can only go wrong.
Moi non plus"on his tape deck.
Sam certainly isn't.
For him things take a turn to the worse.
It looks like he has some explaining to do.
Obviously he fails.
Our cowboy,hungry,is forgiving.
He is glad he found someone he knows.
Rico offers to make it up for him.
And he invites him to his place.
And what a filthy,cold place it is.
When he finally wakes(jumps.
Up,he finds rico looking at him.
You wanna cup'a'coffee.
What do you want from me.
Where are my shoes.
What did you do to them.
But all his doubts turn out to be unfounded.
Rico really has a heart.
There's no dog in this play.
But my quibbling is not important.
In either case,it is filmmaking at its best.
Amazingly,he was right.
Peter lamont's sets are more than authentic.
We've struck an iceberg.
Now let's get back to our brandy and cigars.
This boat's for mommies and children.
But we would like a brandy.
The story unfolds slowly and always believably.
Each little aspect has its own fascination.
Its easy to see why.
The world doesn't make sense.
This is exactly the mistake mills makes.
But then again,its a cruel world.
Liam neeson stars as jean valjean.
Two women also get caught up in the struggle.
The supporting cast is also extraordinary.
It,too,is an epic.
And one worth seeing.
S hardcore film scene.
Boogie nights is not about sex.
Second stop,the cuckold crewman(william h.
He pulls it off marvelously.
Ya know,kinda like disco.
In addition,it's also a terrific family film.
It could also be described as`mrs.
Mission accomplished,wes.
D and predictable in the extreme.
Basically everything is there.
Evil,who is given much of the spotlight here.
There's an early scene in which dr.
Evil and the other guests.
You want a piece of me.
The audience was in stitches.
There are many good things about this sequel.
This works surprisingly well.
Here,it's time travel.
Robert wagner,as dr.
And as for fat bastard.
But my most severe complaint:mr.
Bigglesworth was only in one scene.
That someone is death.
But the dude has got some tricks up his sleeve.
Is that one helluva premise,or what.
Not that the characters are that good.
Lewton(kristin cloke.
What will trigger the accident.
Will it be the leaking toilet.
The falling fishing reel in the corner.
Is death waiting around the corner.
The first third of a.
He is abandoned and alone.
It is all very anti-climatic and jarring.
Would it have been darker.
We will never know.
That film is amistad.
There is no such figure in amistad.
That,let me tell you,has changed completely.
Sorry,make that'roles'in the movie.
That's what really makes this movie unique.
Not a common mix at all.
It would have wrecked her potrayal.
There were some i have to say.
Overall,this movie was not perfect.
I certainly hope so.
I saw the little mermaid for the first time.
I never wanted so much to be a pair of shells.
What's a king to do,though.
At least for a while.
Pinkett yells at the screen.
The attractive,solid cast is a definite bonus.
And"a breakthrough.
Can only be leading up to letdown.
That's*what all the fuss was about.
Let me tell you,that is an impossibilty.
And you will come out changed on the other side.
Forget special-effect ladden summer fodder.
Drop your romantic comedies in the trash.
Toss your thrillers and teen flicks on the pile.
Go's is a gloriously slick hip machine.
Yet entertain me it did.
His girlfriend from before prison.
But trust me and check it out.
Can guido overcome the odds and win his girl.
As a romantic comedy,it is sweet and funny.
Keeping the faith'is the perfect date flick.
Aww,what the hell.
The excitement of james brown and b.
B king in concert,for instance.
In czech and russian,with english subtitles.
Anna function is to help provide that link.
It shows a seduction of intelligence.
Cloud's,including delroy lindo,oscar.
Am i forgetting anyone.
And finish what hasn't.
I will note,however,that the"whodunit.
All the actors outdo themselves here.
Than just revitalizing a cast of familiar faces.
Like they say,don't mess with perfection.
Devotees of robert a.
Aliens in broad daylight.
The designer of the ship,dr.
I can't stand this anymore.
Phenomena is an imaginative,original thriller.
But it gels surprisingly well.
Film adaptation of hunter s.
Gonzo(del toro)to cover a motorcycle race.
Note:i have not read thompson's book.
How does one determine who is free.
The film itself is a visual wonder.
It is this emotional force that carries the film.
The movie,however,belongs to hounsou.
His emotional intensity is brilliant.
But that doesn't matter.
A good job all around.
Only fred is still a bachelor.
However,kathy isn't completly honest to them.
Ok,have one thing clear though.
Tony randall is funny as always.
I didn't get a chance to do so,until now.
In exchange for his sword.
Never to return alive.
The one that flopped at the box office.
This doesn't seem like all of the above.
Instead,it's a classic in its own right.
The film has a wonderful cast of characters.
There's a likeable character here.
This film is an entertaining endeavor.
That better chance has finally come.
Stempel(john turturro),a former g.
And your jewish man raising a family.
Definitely a film you should not miss.
It's quite possible.
And that's really a shame.
Such is the case with.
You probably know about the plot so i.
Will hunting(damon)is a janitor at m.
Rd)discovers will.
T just focus solely on one character.
Ve been while watching it.
From minnie driver.
S frustrated lover to ben affleck.
The real gem though is stellan skarsg.
The scenes between williams and skarsg.
Rd,as two old college pals who.
When i say delivering the goods,this is what i.
S sauntering musical score.
I highly recommend.
A though job,indeed.
All ages will enjoy men in black.
Lucinda is rich;oscar is poor.
And fate has decreed that they will one day meet.
Thematically,the film is also strong.
Oscar does not see gambling as a vice.
I give"thirteen days"an a.
Not knowing what else to do,sonny disappears.
Re-christening himself as"the apostle e.
As a director,duvall feels that less is more.
Ironically,powers'"yeeeeah baby,yeah.
Evil(meyers again)has stolen.
Surprisingly,the real star is dr.
Evil rather than austin.
I don't know,baby,i never looked.
But as far as i'm concerned,that is enough.
After all,old ned won't miss it.
Bannen and kelly are a perfect pair.
One slightly stout,the other as thin as a rail.
It is light,but thought provoking and sweet.
Dark city is such a rare treat:it.
Movies of this caliber and idea aren.
T made too often,and it.
S unfortunate that i waited this long to see it.
S previous film the crow looked good but couldn.
At times it moves beyond film into artwork.
It is the story of.
Aliens from another planet(and we know they.
Ultimate technology.
Of shaping matter with their mind,called.
The city is nice to look at,but if it.
S a poor story then it.
S not worth watching.
Blade runner was popular not only because it.
After finishing the fifth element.
Dark city is not so easily explained away.
There is no real beginning or end.
There is comedy and tragedy.
In this fiction can be found much truth.
These two have a stormy relationship.
It's the ceremony that they're interested in.
The acting is strong and believable.
Struggling toughly,col.
Nicholson forces the japanese commandant,col.
A flaw of the picture is the clich.
D characterization of the japanese people.
The audience is supposed to applaud col.
Nicholson takes for his men.
The plot by-passes these risks.
That means,the picture isn't perfect.
But it has a lot of virtues as well.
C)karl rackwitz(klein k.
Reviewers seem to love to pick one movie(i.
The same goes for the thin red line,as well.
This is why i think pleasantville was underrated.
Their new parents,played by william h.
Macy and joan allen,are perfect in every way.
Take for example big and dave,his past films.
Big-be careful what you wish for.
Dave-good or bad lying is still lying.
Did these movies win big awards.
No,but they won the heart of millions.
I like breathing through it.
Jack nicholson,chinatown.
Even better than ms.
Roberts,and cements p.
And they lived happily ever after.
Smith(bernard hill.
Jack is perfect,but he is-poor.
On the other hand we have cal.
Cameron knows precisely what we want to see.
They are likely to be remembered for.
Well,quite a while.
I like this film,too.
Yes,it's a disaster-slash-action movie.
Yes,you read that right.
So,it's up to the u.
Government to stop it.
But it's fun to be obnoxious sometimes.
A recommendable visit to the theater,indeed.
Al's apartment building.
Most of the vocal performances are first-rate.
The animation is even better than in the first.
We can also see that bo peep is porcelain.
Laura dern was consistently annoying.
But dennis hopper stole every scene he was in.
For this sole reason it is recommended.
That tom french is a mean bollocks.
He wants frank back.
And a small matter of some.
For this he won't break anyone's thumbs.
You leave little notes on my pillow.
We are all out of corn flakes-f.
It took me three hours to figure out that'f.
Paulie's biggest wish is to return to marie.
Will misha help paulie get back to marie.
Please think twice before buying one.
Paulie is for kids.
And you hear kids exclaim,"what cat.
Bird tries to get home.
Bird meets elderly friend.
Bird loses elderly friend.
Bird meets eccentric friend.
Bird loses eccentric friend.
Bird meets bad influence.
Break out the popcorn money,moms and dads.
An art-imitates-life poke at shallow women.
Nice guy ed norton jr.
Dad was fighting a fire when they shot him.
Now in prison,derek faces new challenges.
He also captured the essence of an older brother.
Government actually had such people on call.
As the flap falls,the battle begins.
The answer from my point of view is"no.
Ryan is ten times worse.
Many in the theater could not bear to watch.
It opened eyes,sparked debate and study.
Masterful work marred only by excessive gore.
The question is not what went right.
The question is what went wrong.
Produced by atom egoyan and camelia frieberg.
Directed by atom egoyan.
The only thing missing is charlton heston.
It's a remarkable achievement.
Kudos to the animators.
The vocal talent is also very good.
But e-mail if you do.
A david wilcock review.
Sex,and i loved might aphrodite.
But this movie is so infectious.
That's all i have to say.
Is mark leeper dead.
Somehow joe escapes,but his dog rainbow dies.
Eastwood furrows his brow.
Jeter doesn't know what he's talking about.
Eastwood furrows his brow.
I haven't even seen that.
In this case,it is landing the big kahuna.
The contrast in their personalities is stark.
He tells him to go on a vacation.
This is his first time for him on the road.
Some of the interludes are an epiphany,though.
Jodie foster stars as dr.
It would be easy for scripters james v.
John hurt is effectively creepy as s.
Then again,it's a valiant effort.
This new film has been underrated for no reason.
But god does not take payoffs.
But the higher i go,the crookier it becomes.
Violence is natural to him.
There is no turning back.
Here he dies-alone,miserable and unforgiven.
Bruce willis is a type-casted actor.
Cut to present day,which is our future.
What can you do with a hand.
But enough of that.
After all,the mystical trip is the journey.
Bilal is unreliable but is capable of generosity.
The background to the case is such.
As von bulow,he is brutally evil.
However,legally,did he do the murder.
We don't know what happened.
In the end,von bulow is as sadistic as ever.
Martin luther king,jr.
Note:ordinarily,moviereviews.
What does it take to play carnegie hall.
And a glowing concert.
One thing the film does lack is subtlety.
Simon and his three friends head to.
The plot is simple:martians invade the earth.
And about the special effects.
The effects in mars attacks.
Could it have been funnier.
Was it funny enough.
If only he would dither a little less.
Julia knows this role well.
That's a bit more difficult.
If you're not nice to it,you lose.
See,spoofs are easy with me.
Abraham's latest film,mafia.
Induced this kind of hysteria upon me.
To describe the story of mafia.
But that's a good sign:mafia.
I laughed so hard that it shut off my brain.
Finally,a film that does this for me.
All for his sophomore outing,pulp fiction.
There's a samuel l.
This isn't exactly an original technique.
This rule applies highly to kiss the girls.
Before she is abducted.
Sometimes a simple shot is the best one.
Part of the blame falls on david klass.
I must also say that i loved the ending.
Or if our passports weren't missing.
You've got to commend the acting.
In fact,she's flat-out great.
Which is a life-saver for mr.
Other than these,the film is exactly the same.
The plot is basic but in the same way,complex.
The film is obviously quite star-studded.
It just happened to work out for him.
But as a whole,this is an unsatisfying movie.
But he doesn't actually play stanton.
I loved the young cast in this movie.
But i never used baked goods.
As a sort of payment.
She wasn't likeable at all.
It was just plain hilarious.
Brilliant move by brooks.
Thumbs up to brooks for his brave effort.
That's just the beginning of her troubles.
I'll tell you when-never.
You know f*ck all.
With that out of the way,let me say this.
This film is really,really bad.
Yet somehow,it is strangely enjoyable.
That is,unless that is intentional.
Pitch black is a sheep in wolf's clothing.
It starts off with blistering intensity.
Imam is forced to reassess his faith.
The movie has its flaws that can be nitpicked.
If only the story were more credible.
In which case it would be called experimenting.
Drew barrymore who shone in.
Ever after'is wonderful as.
Hard to believe,but possible.
Or so it would seem.
The system formula.
I've always believed that the versatile ms.
Linney is a delight in the film.
Carrey who rules the show here.
In a commanding performance,mr.
Technical credits are first-rate all around.
The bottom line:chocolat is pure pleasure.
Everyday objects and events vibrate with menace.
He thinks oscar is gay.
He's not afraid to share this with him either.
The word spreads instantly through town.
Drama,the practice,dylan.
No originality or technique is used whatsoever.
Three to tango is a gem.
The answer is not an easy one.
Ok,let's not be a spoilsport.
Secondly,a lack of talent.
Let grease be the word that sparks this revival.
Thank god for desperado.
One of the key moments in the film.
At any rate,the rap sounds more run d.
He and ralph macchio must hang out or something.
Maybe they live in dick clark's pool house.
The supporting performances are also good.
Violence,lots of swearing and betrayals ensue.
Yes,it's all about the suits,fellas.
But that's not the basis of this movie.
That is,their boss.
But the flick's not perfect.
It's the real deal.
Where's joblo coming from.
Bruce's unique character(i.
Self-produced sound effects,etc.
And the fighting scenes were all excellent.
So go see it and enjoy the movie.
And that's just the mayor.
Lots of food,beverages and gunplay.
The weird circle of entertainment.
However,death has a deal to make.
Of course,he agrees.
But,is their affair doomed to an early demise.
As joe black,brad pitt seems a bit stilted.
But one which meet joe black delivers anyhow.
The truth is he isn't married.
Gallo's character is developed very well.
This character seemed very realistic to me.
Ricci's character is funny and different.
Many scenes are very dramatic and depressing.
It is absolutely breathtaking.
At first,briggs doesn't want to be there.
Nothing is forced in greenfingers.
Rand is a very,very mean person.
She does tell him,and he becomes enraged.
Rand drinks down the poison,and then dies.
Will tim turn chris in.
Will chris turn tim in.
Will they turn themselves in.
Hands down to dan rosen who wrote this wild ride.
The sound really stood out in the film.
The way the movie is filmed is also great.
The performances in the curve are very good.
A+)he is very strange in this film as well.
Keri russell also gives a great performance.
See you at the video store.
When[katarina]does.
Is a particularly hideous breed of loser.
It's all a bit much to take in.
Who ya gonna believe.
Look,this stuff is purely subjective.
For my money,it's m.
Tomei with a bullet.
The thin red line is flawed but it provokes.
It just depends on one's point of view.
All that separates them is war.
Mike myers,you certainly did throw us a.
Frickin'bone here in what you call.
The biggest austin powers adventure yet.
Evil,which is later named mini me.
Evil's son in the madman's mind,because dr.
Evil thinks of scott to be only"quasi-evil.
Austin powers learns of dr.
To the president of the united states.
Evil's side constantly.
The plot is fairly simple.
The movie is visually breathtaking.
The most interesting one is kilgore,the lt.
The problems come when the film slows down.
The film slows down to a drag.
Along with the pig,of course.
She knocks the glass over.
I bet you threw a pillow at the screen as well.
In the immortal words of homer j.
Simpson-"d'oh.
Cut to the car again,she's getting near.
I feel ill just thinking about it.
Sheldon isn't in terribly good shape either.
An indian runner was more than a courier.
He*became*the message he was carrying.
What danger is a bear,to a message.
But all that has changed now.
The guy has grown up.
And that's not all.
The focus of the story is two brothers.
With my mom using hoyts cinema cash.
Can a story set so long ago be relatable now.
Getting married just to spite someone.
Do we have ammunition factories.
All we have is tobacco.
Don't cut off my leg.
All that is missing is a discussion of god.
There are a few missteps.
But for many of us,of course,so is life.
Worrall(wendy hughes.
Through a spyglass,i could see everything.
Consider it a view to a kill made abstract.
What we don't see might not be able to hurt us.
Just close your eyes and think of england.
They aren't real.
Is this that first couple or the second couple.
It was impossible to keep track.
That's really besides the point,though.
Seth wants to become human so he can feel her.
The acting is superb from everyone involved.
And adds to the atmosphere and tone nicely.
Alex's best friend,tod(chad e.
How do people fall in love.
Why do people fall out of love.
A husband letting go of his inhibitions.
Some related to the younger couples'issues.
Others with the married.
She is actor jon voight's daughter.
Well this is not mission:difficult,mr.
Hunt,it's mission:impossible.
Difficult should be a walk in the park for you.
But then,that would ruin the magic.
Anna doesn't get a lot of our compassion.
Turns out,the city is not on earth at all.
Even with the help of scientist dr.
I think we're a little tired of that.
It's a philosophical piece.
What is the human condition.
What would a true human being do.
Not the best children's film.
Others will mention meg ryan.
But for me,it's not even close.
Things get off to a rocky start for marcy though.
The movie runs into a few roadblocks.
For instance,the story is very thin.
The strange thing is that it works.
Labelling is sometimes everything.
The future was much worse than his vision.
Set in a small(fictional.
It had to do with bad fish.
In the midst of it all,something happens.
Aside from that,airplane.
This is the movie not the perfume.
Her name is sandra portinari(genevi.
Caught in his zipper,and misses the big night.
Then again,maybe my expectations were too high.
Not a good place to be.
Murphy's neighbour.
Matt dillon is a high school dropout.
Ben stiller's father is jerry stiller.
Jen and kira have wonderful.
The dark crystal has a very small cult following.
O'connor)and some"americans.
Was einstein responsible for the a-bomb.
Is arthur weiss responsible for his lasers.
This is the life of a gladiator.
That is)waging a war against germania.
But,unexpectedly,he gets anything but that.
Phoenix plays his character brilliantly.
If they survive the night they get the money.
If not well you get the jurisdiction.
Everyone who was in there burned to death.
One-by-one the people start to disappear.
Rooms which once had people dying.
Rooms which may still contain these people.
I can say however i liked this movie.
I must say house on haunted hill was a surprise.
If they ever reach it.
You should enjoy it.
The first half-hour of_daylight_is setup.
We meet all the important people.
And then,thirty minutes into the film,_boom_
And it's a big one.
There's nothing new here.
And yet there doesn't need to be.
Permission granted for distribution through rec.
Reviews and all associated archival.
All other rights reserved to the author.
The cast plays out this story in stylish fashion.
Throw a courtroom drama(yech.
How absorbing is prince of the city,you ask.
He's lost his voice.
Does that little itty bitty detail matter.
Maybe not to most,but it sure made my night.
The cast for this film does an excellent job.
They are gates,new father sgt.
Troy barlow(wahlberg),sgt.
Chief elgin(cube),and pvt.
Conrad vig(music video director jonze.
He does,in chilling,lasting images.
So much for cube avoiding token status.
It's not spoiling much to write that.
Well,that would be telling.
But for a change of pace,mrs.
How is the titanic a character.
If you get the chance to see this movie go.
It might not be the best movie in the world.
This movie is about what happens.
I give the fifth element.
Toback for his bantering characters.
Played with magnificent bombast by mr.
First we meet willie(charles s.
She exclaims"here i come.
Cookie's fortune is such a movie.
I enjoyed the talented ensemble cast.
Perhaps it's that good ol'southern charm.
Well i'll be damned.
The canadians can make a good movie.
The world is coming to an end.
But i do wonder why the sun never sets.
Maybe the sun is crashing into the earth.
Luther(maurice dean wint.
Tommy,only to be rejected by him later,too.
I am,by far,not a big fan of musicals.
And is swept off of his feet.
The ensuing angry inch incident comes soon after.
Along the way,true love inevitably blossoms.
I still don't know how to react.
Exotica is very much worth seeing.
This one,however,is shockingly not bad.
In fact,it's actually good.
Because it's cute and innocent fun.
Because the lead star is immensely appealing.
Because the parents are also immensely appealing.
But the three stars are fun to watch.
This is one of them.
Finally,he asks,"does it hurt to be dead.
Blue raja(hank azaria),"mr.
For one,the film is considerably clever.
A part of the cleverness comes from the cast.
One was paul reuben.
No matter how disgusting or revolting"mr.
Maybe,but for once i'm not disappointed.
The mix between these genres are perfect.
It's easily the best film of the year,so far.
The two do not like each other.
Harumph,but i digress.
I need to marry a jackie,not a marilyn.
Then it hits them:they are not successful.
What are she and michele going to do.
That was like the best diet ever.
Romy and michele were none of the above.
The performances are absolutely breathtaking.
Scorsese definitely has a passion for filmmaking.
Buckle up,dorothy.
This is gonna be one bumpy ride.
Critique:a good ol'time at the movies.
Where's joblo coming from.
Wyatt earp has a lot to tell and little to say.
Sequence that is decidedly non-pc.
Don't look for much glorified violence here.
To mackenzie astin.
Kevin costner is very good in the title role.
He was tougher in a perfect world.
Clearly no expense was spared.
Please,god,make him stop.
His performance sells the movie.
The postman"is costner's best work thus far.
Perhaps that alone gives us hope for the future.
Wilson is hysterical as the young,vain hansel.
Evil upstages everyone in austin powers.
In fact,darcy and ffing are their coachmen.
His life seems to be on the rise.
Nelson)who apparently murdered three people.
Is it all just a big nightmare.
It was at this point that i felt cheated.
Everything occurs from his perspective.
He is our representation on screen(sort of.
It earned its r rating for a reason.
I have never seen him more believable to date.
Al pacino is of course the scene stealer.
Nelson,who gives a very good performance.
I mean that as the highest compliment.
A pall is cast on the whole affair.
Or they're reduced to comedic buffoons.
He's a decent man.
The debate is fueled largely by dr.
Jacob and lou want to pocket the cash.
Disaster is sure to strike.
An encounter with his older brother thubten j.
I swear i have seen the edge before.
It's uncomfortable to watch,yet compelling.
I want not to look,yet i cannot turn away.
If they didn't,it would be one short movie.
No serial killer has ever been so creative.
The supporting actors also did a marvellous job.
Why is this such a good film.
There are almost too many reasons to explain.
The story:court composer salieri(f.
The movie:every element of this movie works.
I like breathing through it.
Jack nicholson,chinatown.
But i loved every freaking minute of it.
Believe me,i'm just as shocked as you are.
Of course,you all know the story.
Basically,that's about it.
As i said,this is hardly a film about plot.
How pretentious is that.
There's a lot of flying going on in this film.
Is the format effective for the film.
With a few exceptions,yes.
Absolutely beautiful stuff.
Segment five is the funniest of the bunch.
Saving the best for last.
Or at least,that's the intention.
If she can survive the demanding s.
To my surprise i really enjoyed the movie.
The storyline is simple.
Royce(what is his surname.
I still liked it though.
I have a million names.
As john milton--the devil.
It is also entertaining.
The just add to the fun of watching it.
I recommend it for other reasons as well.
They are likeable,but not outstanding.
A show about nothing.
Sounds like"seinfeld.
Sounds like"the truman show.
Who should ed go out with.
You can be sure the pollsters have a list.
It neither stands out nor disappoints.
I don  t believe in horoscopes.
Like jackie chan,she does her own stunts.
Summer is here again.
But these are just problems of individuals.
It is an important scene for several reasons.
The angels here are stark and believable.
Blue")in a touching and humorous performance.
If the plot sounds a bit complicated,it is.
But the complexity is not overwhelming.
It's unclear whose story phantom menace is.
Neeson is perfect as an aging jedi knight.
Each location is elaborate and complex.
The phantom menace won't win any major oscars.
But it's still worth seeing.
Probably more than once.
The premise is simple,if not bizarre.
A mad scientist(trace beaulieu as dr.
Ron hubbard,founder of scientology.
As bigwig jerry renfro.
Story,and how could he not.
It really does clear up some stuff.
How many of us would become strippers.
And what follows doesn't disappoint.
Thereby adding some meat to the plot.
It's all been done.
It's very hard to tell.
Just what a summer flick should be.
Well,it's just an_experience_
And it's about to do so again.
Go and see it more than once.
When a privileged young man named walter wade jr.
The others are also worth seeing.
Outrunning the hong kong coast guard.
Watch it with friends.
The younger members of the cast fare less well.
But their are slight flaws with the movie.
Overall rating=review by david wilcock.
Gordon fleming(peter mullan)is in a bind.
Gordon hears a disembodied voice beckoning him.
Jan is on leave from the oilrig and bess.
Imagine what this is doing to the poor girl.
Especially hercules.
The plot is actually quite well structured.
Even without the voices,they act.
I can't reccomend anastasia highly enough.
I can hear the question already.
What on earth do these two movies have in common.
The title is generic.
It's meaningless.
And i can't believe it's good business.
The movie itself deserves your attention.
Here's the rundown.
Alain does some investigating.
That's as much as you need to know.
Keep that in mind when planning your date.
Yet,they are incredibly foolish planners.
Actually,these two never really have a plan.
Under the sand"is a unique portrait of loss.
This is where the movie becomes shockingly good.
This causes kiki to lose faith in herself.
Also offers up some pretty decent laughs.
Jason mchugh's character of mr.
Well,that's a different story.
The dvd is a massive achievement.
Out of sight"is not likely to secure ms.
Can they free amidala's helpless planet.
Does phantom menace match the exaggerated hype.
This dilutes the central story.
Fucking good question,that.
And it perfectly suits the material.
Of these four,the last one can be a nightmare.
If you're lucky,things will go smoothly.
And with a name like that,how could it not.
When greg first meets his fianc.
It's definitely not a good start.
It doesn't matter that he's jewish.
You're such a good god",he moons.
Things get progressively worse for greg.
He tries to find jack's missing cat.
And,we liked this movie.
Just sit back and watch greg get into trouble.
Put simply,brooks'comedy is intelligent.
There's always the big but.
A great experiment",he calls it.
You've named the ice.
Casting debbie reynolds as beatrice is perfect.
Beatrice:well,it takes one to know one.
She can't go higher than him.
He won't allow it.
Martin scorsese's films used to intimidate me.
But he simply uses the best tool for the job.
Certain patterns take shape over the years.
It just doesn't fit that mold.
Upon my first viewing i left bawling.
That is what a river runs through it does.
But the dream is lovely.
Richard gere is not one of my favorite actors.
I wasn't disappointed.
One thing:what's with the title.
Richard gere does a fairly good job.
When you get out of jail,you can kill him.
Her friend adopts her son and she goes to prison.
Her friend gives her son the phone.
Nick walks in the room.
Little matty screams"daddy.
The phone goes dead.
It's not like it matters.
In some films,plausibility is everything.
Of course you would.
I just sat back and enjoyed myself.
What makes this film different is its characters.
A,to report on groundhog day.
The performances are also excellent.
It almost seems perfect.
An excellent comedy.
Singer has yet to get keyser s.
Ze out of his system.
I rented this movie with very high hopes.
Her character is the most ambitious.
The movie is very provocative.
Some films are not meant to be that long.
Pleasantville is one of those films.
Then they want to have it.
Then they do not want to.
Some movies need a lot of time.
Length is everything in films.
That's probably because it isn't one.
This is their story.
Skip next paragraph if in suspense.
What,exactly,are we supposed to make of that.
Beckinsale sure looks good on a dancefloor.
Shine"was one bookend.
Stand by for the other one:"dead heart.
He is part churchman and part politician.
She appears to not know this.
Everyone is affected in the fall out.
Suffice to say it's a rewarding experience.
His officer is real,human and therefore flawed.
The aboriginal priest best sums this up.
You have to reach for a larger audience.
Therefore,the movie is quite user-friendly.
In any case,the answer is no.
Warning:major spoilers follow.
You have been warned.
The x-files is what a summer should be.
So yeah,the x-files is scary.
No,this is mulder's time in the spotlight.
You may wonder where this movie lost half a star.
It's obvious he a loser.
Buscemi is off to a good career as a director.
The film is a treasure to look at.
However,all the sets are so original.
I can't even remember.
Lebowski's passion is bowling.
Even worse,they urinate on his rug.
The kidnappers are impossibly inept.
The dude and his cronies are even worse.
Every plan goes awry.
The kidnappers are german techno nihilist bikers.
Maybe there's no real message.
Maybe that's enough.
Com is the eaddress for estuff.
I don't box with kid gloves.
I still,however,will not go easy on them.
A public library where it can be viewed by all.
From there we go into a delightful parody.
It's almost as much fun as the film.
But,the thing is,it isn't.
It's about how much it can get into one film.
Well,it would seem that he has succeeded.
Of course,he isn't the first ever.
No life lives on it.
That is,no visible life.
He takes them aboard,and puts them in storage.
They blame it on a technical malfunction.
The project is led by dr.
And it does it quite well.
However,i tend to disagree.
What were the alien films about.
The acting is quite good for this kind of film.
Okay,so it isn't that good.
And,of course,justin lazard.
Hell,i don't even know if i will.
Medak has also mastered the wonderful"jump.
Plot:this movie takes place over one day.
And therein,lies the fun of the film.
And denzel,well,what can you say about mr.
Dang,now that's intense.
Where's joblo coming from.
Boy and girl begin dating.
Parents of girl aren't crazy about the boy.
Girl steps to boy's defense.
Family problems occur.
Girl learns more about the boy.
It was a flaming success.
Another firm recommendation by joe schmoe.
Yep that pretty much describes this movie.
Floor of a business building.
To the master himself.
Or why they don't.
This was a surprise hit as was american beauty.
Everything comes together here.
It doesn't go exactly as he expects.
The evidence is stacked against him.
He has a relationship with the priest.
Lots of complications and twists.
The story will keep you on the edge of your seat.
Nothing is what it seems.
Like private eriksson(michael j.
It makes your blood boil.
The plot is simple enough.
But that is forgivable.
The last sequence is atrocious.
This is the film of the year.
Truman leads the perfect life.
Two security guards grab him and throw him out.
Truman is really suspicious now.
We root for the captive of the cage-world.
But on its own terms,the movie is well made.
The music is well-chosen and scored.
And the pacing of the story was brisk.
They get into an accident.
Watch the movie and"sorta"find out.
So what are the problems with the movie.
Do we really need to see it over and over again.
Where's joblo coming from.
Little do they know the power within.
Sounds like a cool movie,does it not.
And with it comes every single clich.
Avoid this film at all costs.
Quest for camelot"is warner bros.
In the end,it's a tie--they all win.
Welles certainly makes it look easy.
Scott in paul schrader's"hardcore.
That's exactly how long the movie felt to me.
There weren't even nine laughs in nine months.
Hugh grant,a huge dork.
Hugh grant plays a successful child psychiatrist.
Why a child psychologist.
Kid:my dad's a_huge_asshole.
Call it a road trip for the walking wounded.
Only in the movies,right.
Ain't they a pair.
This revelation exists purely for its own sake.
Aberdeen doesn't know where else to go.
If she were paying any attention to skarsg.
It's not just because skarsg.
I mean,an evil man.
Anyway,fourteen years go by and.
Arrgh,well,you know the rest.
Swish-swish-zzzzzzz.
Critique:this is a pretty bad movie.
Let's see,where should i start.
Okay,what's next.
And mena suvari,is just plain off.
Now i'm not sure if this was ms.
Alright,what else was bad in this film.
Oh yeah,the score.
You failed all around.
Change your shirt,man.
Deneuve is barely in this movie.
We vow to stay away from it all.
Where's joblo coming from.
Highway deaths of filmmaker alan j.
He's both fascinated and disturbed by the l.
The restraint is admirable.
This plot thread predictably leads to violence.
How often does real life work this way.
Sanders)running for reelection.
That's how it works in movies like these.
I haven't mentioned the movie's twist yet.
What the message here.
Both of them should have known better.
Had you going there for a moment,didn't i.
Being cast as the president of the u.
Silly,silly folks.
She was the femme in"la femme nikita.
Lines like:"you don't beg,you insist.
I like that in a woman.
That's parillaud's character talking.
I don't have that kind of time.
But there's nothing to learn.
Each time graham greene shows up he gets killed.
John carpenter makes b-movies.
Vampires"),always will.
Dormant martians(i.
In the second category we have ms.
I never thought i'd miss the guy but i do.
It's not*all*the same,however.
Clueless was an annoying,unfunny waste of time.
Nothing could be further from the truth.
Where to begin in criticizing this movie.
Zero plus zero plus zero plus zero equals zero.
So why does this movie get one star out of me.
So you can't call it a sex flick.
It's like i said.
Uneven,would be another.
In a sci-fi movie.
What a friggin'mess.
So is anything salvageable in this movie.
Go see the ninth gate.
Now there's a great movie.
No,it definitely is not.
Will this crazy scheme work.
Here there's nothing.
Do me a favor kids,go get a job or something.
Just shut the hell up.
Because the movie is finally over.
He picks things up and stares at them pensively.
As a character,he doesn't quite register.
The movie also has bad dialogue.
And"joe isn't safe here.
We need to get joe out of here.
Joe is way too big for that cage.
Sadly,mighty joe young wastes them both.
So much for a message.
In"spawn,"they are the story.
What we need is a batman,a luke skywalker.
Subplots appear and disappear.
Are the drawings on the wall blood or paint.
What about the computer.
Is the woman in australia integral to anything.
For example,look at sam raimi.
Seconds later,the car drives off at full speed.
Finally,the acting.
Nobody gives a good performance in this film.
It's too inept to be funny.
It's worse than that.
Then it takes one wrong step.
At least his direction makes up partly for it.
Now there's a film.
Otherwise,hytner's direction is unremarkable.
But don't fret,it will surface again.
But you hold hope for some time.
Steven spielberg is picked on in particular.
The days of breathless are no more.
America loves convenience.
Explosions are fun.
How did you know that.
We're still here.
We're still here.
Certainly i never expected a remastered print.
But they're menu screens.
So who really cares.
These boring tales only hurt the central plot.
Forty five painful minutes remain.
Some movies i should just skip.
Turns out i was right,mostly.
I want more zany here--and--here.
I want the audience squirming in their seats.
What does this scene do.
But where's the zaniness.
I don't see zany here.
If you can't make it zany,cut it.
Or,maybe all career politicians are like that.
Let's face it,it's pretty bad.
Let me rage here just for a minute.
The following morning po sing is found dead.
Romeo must die"is in many ways a fun film.
It is both absurd and assured.
An unsung and under appreciated actor,mr.
Lindo turns out the films best performance.
Woodside as issac's son,colin.
Debut)didn't allow.
One problem though about the fight scenes.
They do have an internal rhythm to them.
A heartbeat,so to speak in their choreography.
The rhythm is monotonous.
Jet li is a grand and personable screen presence.
One day filmmakers here in the u.
We'll have a hit on our hands.
The usual things happen like clockwork.
The replacements offers none of this.
Simply remove him from the equation.
There's no logic at work here.
Tone is also an issue--there is none.
Is it a statement on human rights.
Is it a knock-off of silence of the lambs.
Glimcher never tells.
This year it's"salome.
It's just a turn off.
Not rated===============mein fuhrer.
Scott,sterling hayden,and slim pickens.
However,his good friend walter j.
The actors that play them don't help either.
Along the way,the merry band meets mrs.
Creature from outer space.
Why am i calling this movie pornography.
Hating them would be like cursing a hurricaine.
Once or twice is fine.
Like the rest of the movie.
Moreau their maker.
Using shock-therapy and the law,dr.
Moreau questions the ability of men playing god.
Rather ungloriously at times too.
As a third outing,the island of dr.
Pretty good,bring a friend.
Amazing,potent stuff.
The limey does exactly that.
There is no method to this movie's madness.
Shall we go back to basics.
It was groan-inducing.
In_the wedding singer_,she was julia gulia.
In_never been kissed_,she's josie grossie.
I'll stick to my day job.
What works:drew's geeky old-self.
What doesn't work:drew's geeky new-self.
Nobody dresses as bad as she does.
Her co-workers(molly shannon,john c.
Couldn't the filmmakers watch_heathers_first.
She goes wild,sleeps in late.
Am i enjoying myself.
This was nothing new.
It is almost offensive.
Dumb,dumb,dumb,dumb.
Maybe i should rent she's all that again.
Is it really as good as i think it is.
No number of name changes can help this picture.
From that moment on,it's all downhill.
Over and over again.
There isn't any real acting in this film.
Fortunately,there are only two elements left.
I have a name for it myself:"gross.
Let's get one thing straight:dr.
As yoda would say,inspire it does not.
Oscar winner cuba gooding jr.
On the other hand is dreadful.
Screenplay by robert j.
One day,he discovers a grand piano.
He sits down and starts playing.
Miraculously,what comes out is beautiful.
Ladies and gentlemen,it's a mystery.
We're supposed to be roused by a climactic.
This effort is utterly limp and lifeless.
The film itself doesn't really have a plot.
S for the price of one.
Ryan is a blue-collar kind of guy.
So,ryan tries to remained focused on baseball.
No curve balls here,no sliders.
Every pitch is predictable.
A blind umpire could call this movie.
I'm wondering the same thing.
No,but i expected something.
A plot development.
The movie never delivers.
They have a garage band.
They have tickets,they lose them.
They get more tickets,they lose those too.
There's not much more to it.
And what about that script.
It's written by carl j.
The jokes in"detroit rock city"rarely are.
A word of advice to mr.
It's a waste of time and money.
You want to see this concept executed well.
Comedy needs music.
Just watch any old bugs bunny short.
The marx brothers knew it.
Mel brooks knows it.
The peter pan subtext is intriguing.
She's a pretty face and nothing more.
John huston,we miss you.
That is,with the exception of alan arkin.
And what the heck does that title mean.
Was one line,if i remember correctly.
Even the lion hunts themselves are idiotic.
The acting is forgettable.
What did i expect from this movie.
Some real excitement,i suppose.
What one tough cop lacks is originality.
This film offers nothing new.
Nothing that you can't get from any cop film.
Too much else is lacking.
At times,i was hoping to see it.
We only see one side of each character.
It's jaws,but with lions.
It appears to kill men because it just likes too.
Of course i knew this going in.
They were really original.
She invents a fiance.
He,of course,goes along with it.
Gee,i wonder if they get together in the end.
I've seen more original stuff on the wb.
And better stuff too.
Louie is a trumpeter swan with no voice.
White's"trumpet of the swan.
And he found out again and again and again.
A guerrilla war is always bad for civilians.
But the film talks down to the viewer.
Fuentes starts out incredibly naive.
Traffic violation'dr.
Daniel's review of u-turn dr.
Eat pancakes at noon.
Microwave an egg in its shell.
Watch pro wrestling with the sound off.
Listen to some barry white records at high speed.
That's cool,too.
Just beats bobby silly.
Them murderous arizonians.
If any of this sounds familiar,congratulations.
You win a kewpie doll.
Bobby as terminator.
While we sit through this mess of a film.
It's the oliver stone you've always known.
But pictures of what.
Do some police academy sequel(imagine that.
Here's the`plot.
Terel may be right,you know.
Humans made this movie.
Let me tell you what reality is.
Oh billy,you're a scamp.
And bedazzled--need i say more.
It's about to expire.
Aside from a scant few zingers(yeah,se.
Bad move,billy--your jokes suck.
He has his ups and downs,but mostly the downs.
So,it does indeed have some plusses.
Far too annoying far too often.
Showgirls"is too stupid to make a statement.
Mankiewicz was,he'd be.
Well,he'd be a good screenwriter.
Instead,this project may have sunk his career.
He wrote the(ha ha.
Hey,i never said she wasn't a hot number.
We're supposed to root for her.
It sure ain't character development.
Oops,they're bad actors,too.
Jackie chan plays,who else,jackie.
Not that it ever makes a difference in the plot.
There are only two scenes of him cooking.
Hmmm,shades of broadcast news.
The action is a mixed bag here.
But to slo-mo jackie running.
This just goes to show that hype kills.
The story goes like this.
How do they come up with this stuff.
Fincher shows us that society is like robots.
Call me crazy,but this is common knowledge.
Em all to hit the road.
Does this sound like a movie you want to see.
Unless the woman in question is a spice girl.
Next thing,she cries rape.
The community is astonished.
Reporters flee to the scene.
George clinton's score is a delight to behold.
But it's the humans.
Not even the unintentionally funny moments work.
Why an oil driller.
In one unintentionally.
We trust nasa to build space shuttles.
So why did they bring him up there to begin with.
Rather,why write him into the film.
Armageddon is not as terrible movie as godzilla.
It has a vivid soundmix.
Remember a little film called jaws.
How do we know this.
Ladies and gentlemen,that is the movie.
Television is what's wrong with deep impact.
Yeah,thanks,nasa.
Of course,it doesn't.
Even the soundtrack is tired.
Who bought david s.
Goyer's anemic script,anyway.
Well,because they have to.
You know,the average porn star.
What happened here.
The direction is film-school-grad obvious.
This movie leave no scummy stone unturned.
How do we know this.
And get kicked out of the house.
And get welcomed back anyway.
What drags braveheart down is its screenplay.
But this does not save a misguided script.
But wallace's actions paint a different story.
He speaks of freedom and acts of vengeance.
The real torture is watching it.
The teenage romance.
Along now comes`down to you.
Only`down to you'doesn't have the.
Unlikely scenario'mentioned above.
Meets freshman artist imogen(julia stiles.
Well,only happen in the movies.
No such luck with`down to you.
And at the end of the whole clich.
Only in the movies.
The script,however,is painfully bad.
Casting must have been asleep on this one.
Consider another punch pulled.
It made me want to gag.
Now if they only had raymond burr.
Not too good for a'thriller.
The lighting is also interesting.
The screenplay is o.
Overall rating=review by david wilcock.
Unfortunately,it seems much much longer.
He walks into the room and lauren holly swoons.
And we never really care.
It's not that the film is bad.
It's simply boring.
Pure and simple,the klumps is a failure.
People will be lined up around the block for it.
However,his change is sadly unbelievable.
A david wilcock review.
Julie and one other,ray(freddie prinze jr.
Survived only to make this dismal sequal.
But was this contest too good to be true.
But her friends chalk it up to paranoia.
Here's an appropriate example.
The door suddenly opens up.
Is there any reason to go and see this movie.
I secretly wished for him to get filleted.
Did he get'hooked.
After the familiar'a long time ago.
Anakin is annoying and unlikeable.
The actors don't help the movie much either.
He's not even very'cute.
The music is meandering,except near the end.
The effects are nice,but dull.
S are catered for throughout the film.
Disappointing is barely the word.
The script for this film is completely pathetic.
Here is an example of the wonderful dialog.
Has been presented.
Are we trying to see how unrealistic we can get.
Very impressive trick.
Oh well,win some,lose some.
Yep,you read that right.
There are storyboard comparisons on this dvd.
Two scenes are storyboarded.
Neither of which are particularly exciting.
They're not real,sympathetic,or believable.
Sadie thompson(u.
Don't bring children to this one.
These people like jerry lewis.
Lots and lots of horses.
Or something like that.
But on occasion it sneaks up on you.
Soldier is a multi.
Doctors need nurses.
So ho's need pimps.
Rip torn,what were you thinking.
Much ado about nothing.
Ah,how sweet the irony.
The bard's work is apparently beyond criticism.
What a load of old cobblers.
And banish this nonsense to where it belongs.
Drama and tragedy was shakespeare's strength.
But boy,does she owe me one.
I won't spend too much time on the plot.
Nothing wrong with most of the cast,either.
Light comedy shouldn't be complex.
Ho,ho,ho,boy likes girl.
Ho,ho,ho,men are such klutzes.
Ho,ho,ho,she's so awfully clumsy.
There's wit in here somewhere,i'm told.
I call it pretentious.
In the end,it's cringeworthy.
In some respects,it works.
Well,i didn't,at least.
Well,maybe that's not true.
You just have to know how bad bad can be.
I don't think so.
The plot is a bit unclear.
S instruments,calling dr.
And a couple of creepy robots to his aid.
Supposedly this is a horrible thing.
Nobody will ever know,but as a novelty,sgt.
Pepper's is one to examine.
In fact,bury this one while you still can.
Warning:spoilers are included in this review.
A few months later,volcano was released.
Apparently many did,and it utterly baffles me.
We are then introduced to jenny lerner(t.
A leoni),a reporter for msnbc.
It's a shame that nothing else is heartfelt.
Of course,leder isn't all to blame for it.
Give me a break,will ya.
You are too talented for this stuff.
Seeing her was one of the highlights of the film.
Overall,a very talented cast virtually wasted.
What an auspicious beginning.
She has only seconds to decide who will be saved.
Hackers is guilty of all of these crimes.
This is the section for mistakes in the movies.
Maybe it will work for some people.
It didn't work for me.
It drips with gooey,wannabe human emotions.
Yes,there are elements of.
The third times not a charm.
Or as they say in french,"eet blows.
A bad movie is a bad movie.
Oh yeah,but the rest of the movie sucked.
I love superman iii.
Were they living there before krypton exploded.
How do you get to"inner space.
How do they know where superman went.
In three days time,or something.
Attention movie:explain yourself.
Lois lane's sister,lucy.
There is some credit to give to the film however.
Finally,just one word:monsters.
You'd think you were watching a new release.
One question though.
It is not charming or entertaining in any way.
Yet none of them have been horror films.
I left disappointed.
My reaction:ho-hum.
Well,he's a guy without a head.
The performances are also awful.
Do they even have the right man.
Predictable ending.
Suspense scenes that are just plain boring.
Relentless in its emotional sensationaliztion.
The gift"is basically a glorified b-movie.
And she's not even empathic.
But even on it's own,u.
S marshals is a pretty lousy movie.
The sense of deja vu was overwhelming.
Nobody even mentions harrison ford in this movie.
The supporting cast are o.
K,but when it comes to performances,u.
S marshals falls flat on it's face.
It's director is the usual action movie style.
Sure,it's loud and dumb,but in the end u.
S marshals just ain't fun.
I'd marry renee zellweger in a second.
The audience should now hate this character.
Then the meat of the plot presents itself.
It was quite surreal.
This goes on for the rest of the film.
My groans of disgust could be heard for miles.
At least he has something for us to laught at.
Get me a cup of coffee.
Did i unknowingly miss a meeting somewhere.
Get carter is a simple story.
Production values are shoddy.
Down to earth"is for chris rock fans only.
What would you do if no one could see you.
Something sounds horribly wrong already.
Is simply a verhoeven ploy to show some skin.
The second punch comes from gal's past.
It is not a great plot.
It is an old plot dressed up to look new.
We see one side of a person's faces.
Apparantly money talks.
And uses quite a bit of obscenities doing so.
This one's not even worth the rental,fellas.
Skip it altogether.
His parents are dutch and named hans and paula.
All which were great.
Now,i adore quentin tarantino.
He made way too many tv appearances.
And he made this film.
Pitiful for any director,too.
In an old fancy hotel.
He's the only one there(again.
And he only has a couple rooms(yet again.
Stuck inside some object in their hotel room.
Yeah,that's what i said.
Not even actually funny for a second.
And david proval has never overacted as much.
It was fast-paced,funny,and well,funny.
They also pay him a lot of cash.
It took quentin to realize that.
That makes no sense.
It's long and it's just not very good.
Conclusion:what's the moral here.
As does marg helgenberger as dr.
They're both unbelievably wooden.
Species ii"is worthless.
Something is fishy in the state of universal.
Very little is done with this.
In sum,this movie is beneath contempt.
That monotone--stop it.
Well,what can i say.
I just don't have the words.
Well,it's just not funny.
And then hank azaria shows up.
Your film's in trouble.
What about the leads,dammit.
A dud all the way around.
C'mon hollywood,enough with the crud.
Where's joblo coming from.
Gloria is her latest disaster.
It is a film more to be endured than enjoyed.
She's got a bad attitude and a big mouth.
Be a man,"his father lectures him sternly.
Don't trust nobody.
I'm not gonna,"gloria pouts back.
I never understood what the clich.
Hell on earth"truly meant until very recently.
It's actually much worse.
And then pouring acid on the salt.
The jackal"tries to mix both elements.
And you thought"the saint"was bad.
Or is it a combination of both.
The supporting characters are worse.
What is poitier doing here.
He's one of the best living actors.
Is there anything good here.
There's the demanding producer.
The bitchy competitor.
Lest i forget the scummy club owner.
You'll be the wiser for it.
He still can't act.
She seems uncommonly stupid for a journalist.
His role is also vastly underwritten.
The supporting cast are all o.
K,none making much of an impression.
In the end,deep impact is a wasted opportunity.
Let's hope armageddon is a bit better.
The killer wears one of those l.
False scares should always be used in moderation.
This movie still adheres to them.
That type of illogical can be fun.
Actually,you won't be screaming at all.
There are some intentionally funny moments.
I love ralph fiennes.
I love uma thurman.
I love sean connery.
This is a lousy,incoherent mess.
This is just plain depressing.
I wasn't alive then.
I don't even watch television now.
His name is de wynter(connery.
He is a crazy scottish guy.
Our heroes had better stop him,or else.
And i guarantee you,it will wane.
They aren't,either.
And what about this wasted cast.
Oh,it makes me weep with disappointment.
I've loved all his films,until this one.
Is it the screenwriter,don macpherson.
Maybe a little bit of cohesion in the story.
Or a sense of purpose.
Damn this movie for not giving them the chance.
The trailer is a work of sheer genius.
De palma is maddeningly inconsistent.
This is what's called giving the devil his due.
Cut one of the villains.
It's too much to handle in one dosage.
It's so much that characters get left behind.
And elle deserves better.
It's up to joel to make it fun though.
Batman forever"was fun.
I mean,this one bit.
She starts to tear away at the dynamic duo.
End of her for all we know.
Not the whole story but no big context clues.
And when i did,he had horrible dialogue to say.
George is in between them.
And it isn't the mushy-mouth this time.
But in all fairness,she has virtually no part.
But she has no part.
In the original,it was with vicki.
And in the last one,it was a chat with nicole.
This one,it's nothing.
Fortunately,we get a lot of alfred.
He's a father figure.
And there are some nice touches.
I laughed at all these.
Or did it just feel like that.
People are fed up with stupid films.
I love the"batman"series.
The first two rocked and i did like the last one.
And michael keaton.
But we can only hope.
Cameron's early works.
They break up into pairs and investigate.
Or peter o'toole in"caligula.
Great actor,horrific performance.
And my god,it's a long damn sit.
Bruno for making a movie that could be this bad.
Are not only justifiable,but encouraged.
However,neither threat generates much suspense.
Over money(how original.
He was much more of a supporting character.
I feel this film had alot going for it.
Originality not being an issue.
I was just left unsatisfied in the long run.
In the film,johnson plays.
His investigation starts in l.
The plot is incoherent and full of holes.
Theo's assessment of the house.
Sort of charles foster kane meets the munsters.
As luke puts it,dr.
The film is divided into two sections.
That is a biblical principle.
So run,that ye may obtain.
Now while this may be a compliment for ms.
Well,you'd be wrong.
We know jon,it's called editing.
It got great reviews.
This doesn't work.
And the movie is badly paced,too.
It never takes off.
I would have been too busy laughing to notice.
But as it is,i only chuckled a few times.
You can't really blame van damme.
No,the problem with the film is its direction.
And it goes downhill from there.
Faster than you can yell"fruit stand.
However,the script is tired and predictable.
Not the cia nor the fbi nor the nsa.
It's the environmental protection agency.
Slow and plodding,this project is a total mess.
It wasn't always this way.
The blame lies with director joel schumacher.
Uma thurman fares somewhat better as poison ivy.
I don't think so.
Actually,it's almost funny in a way.
What is the point of this.
Granted,that one joke is initially amusing.
Once his wb television sitcom the wayans bros.
S and stock characters of this genre.
But most of it is just outright silly.
And this film is unusually gory too.
It's moronic fun at best.
Deceiver is a plot twist in search of a movie.
Tarzan continues this trend.
The romantic elements are all contrived.
Robin williams is a comedic genus.
She's giving him one more chance.
It's not all bad news.
Everyone else comes across as half-asleep.
The re-make is successful in that respect.
There have been some updates.
This has nothing to do with the story.
After all,i measure my age in two digits.
I felt the same way watching drowning mona.
Being a test town for the then new yugo.
Even the police chief drives one.
There's nothing more to him.
There is no contrast to any of the characters.
What are we going to do with jim carrey.
He even does his captain kirk impersonation.
Export it to france and you may have a hit.
The profanity count,alone,is too high.
Sure,carrey has his moments.
Ace ventura has one glaring incongruity.
Yes,in terms of acting,the star power is.
Well,more like a falling star.
That's just her normal voice.
Want an example of how cool this kid can be.
Rogers-would-be-proud sentiment.
Why hire an actress.
Now that would've had some pizzazz.
Well,danger potential movie goers.
So,"the odd couple ii"(i.
Then hilarity ensues.
Well,a few chuckles ensue anyway.
Grumpy old presidents,"to that list,too.
We are supposed to be rooting for these creeps.
Everyone else falls in love.
The artist has a vision to create something new.
Obviously successful films need both skills.
Brian de palma is a masterful technician.
Nasa has set its sights for mars.
And it's all so boring.
The alien is laughable.
There's some nice eyecandy.
The actors are mostly mobile wooden statues.
No one seems to care about anything that happens.
You won't either.
Something else is what he did.
She wants to build a career as an actress.
She does not know who the woman is.
A lot of mulholland drive starts out fun.
He just chooses not to.
The film is a little long for the subject matter.
Mulholland drive spoiler warning.
I have rated this film fairly low.
David lynch is in large part a dark satirist.
Mad magazine called it a poiuyt.
Other sources called it a tri-pronged u-bar.
Look at small portions of it and makes sense.
Look at the whole figure and it does not.
So why such a seemingly high rating.
The sound and screen kicked ass.
I even liked the computer-generated settings.
William hurt isn't too bad either.
That type of moviemaking is a lost art.
Now for the bad news.
Then there's the tone of the movie.
Then it could be an adventure movie.
In star wars,the rebels were the good guys.
Why bother saying what year this is.
Just tell us it's the future.
This movie really sucks.
I didn't even finish the movie.
I couldn't take it anymore.
Aditya panscholi is the sidekick again.
Starship troopers is a bad movie.
I mean,a really,really,bad movie.
You say,"laser beam weapons.
Capsule:one of the ten worst movies ever made.
Christopher lambert vs.
Evil ninjas in modern-day japan.
Let's stop and think about this for a second.
Lone,as the bad guy,is zero-dimensional.
This movie bungles two out of three,badly.
Armageddon is a comedy,with a capital"c.
Snorkle,*sniff*,hiccup.
Isn't this just so,so,funny.
Gurgle,*sniff*,awwwww.
Umm,moving right along.
Not just any action sequence would do.
Like,drill,darn it,drill.
Can't you hear your heart beating.
I mean,i mean,cheer for ecstatic joy.
Okay,kids,what does that spell.
Mark this one"return to sender.
With ambition and a nasty drug habit.
Insert proverbial downward spiral here.
Watch stahl shoot heroin next to a baby.
But permanent midnight is mostly soulless.
So much for the moral of that story.
Temporary midnight is more like it.
The camera zooms in incredibly close.
The camera zooms in incredibly close.
The camera zooms in incredibly close.
But,they can not forget what they did.
And apparently,neither can someone else.
And that's one of her wittier asides.
I hope she got paid a lot of money to do this.
So what was the point of the wig and the car.
It should have stayed there.
Second,the sex is just bad.
Other stars are similarly young and unmemorable.
This is certainly missable.
There's a word for people like you,nicolas.
That word is called recidivist.
A big remake of the haunting.
And big special effects.
So what do they all amount to.
Unfortunately for us,a big bore.
Well,this film didn't do much for me.
And the special effects.
Brother andrew is also an actor.
He was nick nightingale,the pianist.
Here's the story.
How can a french guy have a bad french accent.
And never mind the toilet brush haircut.
Now that's funny.
But he's afflicted with loser-itis.
Here,she plays marvin's sunny love interest.
There is little insight into her character.
Lewis'portrayal certainly didn't improve it.
Both women were anything but sexy or attractive.
What does jack proceed to do.
She proceeded to set the place on fire.
Wouldn't the flames burn off the fingerprints.
Aren't dental records more important.
Not much makes sense.
There's plenty more to tear apart in this film.
It's not a boring film,just not a good one.
Or an intelligent one.
I,however,would rather cut to the chase.
Then,they're kissing in a bowling alley.
This one doesn't.
The rest of the performances are wasted.
Frankly,i don't care.
Everything else i said was just padding.
The writing behind this project is embarrassing.
For your amusement,i will explain the plot.
Kinder(kathleen turner)and dr.
A far superior film in any league.
I suppose they are.
I would avoid baby geniuses at all costs.
Anything to avoid this painful movie.
We have a serious problem.
The human race has already set foot on mars.
This is basically the whole plot.
But de palma manages to do that.
It is not a very good achievement.
That's an achievement in itself.
He'll live to fight another day.
Unfortunately their hard work was in vain.
It's just a pile of dreck.
End of days"aims to be an apocalyptic thriller.
It's just dreary and unwatchable.
A big-budget slasher film.
Bank account)from destroying the world.
The chosen woman is christine york(robin.
I highly recommend seeing it for that purpose.
Influential club dj julian dice,a.
You'll figure it out.
To say more would be a waste.
There's so much wrong with this film.
The film industry is like any other.
My guess is that someone was asleep at the wheel.
Patch could be a poster boy for co-dependency.
It must be based on a true story.
Robin williams is an amazing actor.
Something holds him back.
Patch"is a good title for the film.
There's a touching death.
Then there's another.
Worst of all is the final courtroom bit.
The room is packed with patch's supporters.
Oedekerk directed the second one.
But the laughs are few and far-between.
Come on hollywood,surprise me.
Well,you know the rest.
And as for comparisons to seven.
Two,the script has no sense of humour.
We can't feel her rage.
Not much,and you can hardly blame him.
But the script is beyond rescue.
That makes it a film without much center.
Monkey planet),the novel,as a social satire.
And the language they talk is earth-english.
She is bent on making the world a better place.
This tends to limit close looks at the makeup.
These visuals work nicely.
Apes spring incredible distances.
The one actor who has a shot is paul giamatti.
But he delivers them very well.
The best way i can put it is that it's funky.
It's just like that.
She's the lone survivor this time.
Now,one day later he's completely bald.
Hush is one such example.
Martha is,of course,the evil one.
How do we know she's evil.
On the other hand,helen is a good girl.
That's about it for character development.
That's the essence of big daddy.
Watching glen or glenda.
All with their own thoughts.
Had wood continued in this vein,glen or glenda.
It eats little boys.
And puppy dogs'tails.
And big fat snails.
For sheer cinematic disaster.
Which one is the killer.
But i'll begin from the beginning.
But enough about the differences.
Let's talk about the movie itself.
It contains shallow writing.
So is"original sin"really all that bad.
But things are different this summer.
Imagine his surprise when his fianc.
Oh,the pathos of it all.
At least one would hope so.
One would be seriously incorrect.
The film disproves that assumption.
The doctor is particularly bland and dull.
The fox mulder detachment doesn't work here.
The rest aren't any better.
Playing god"does neither well.
The basic idea of the film is solid.
And then it goes nowhere.
Starring jet li,bridget fonda,tch.
Ky karyo,burt kwouk.
Directed by chris nahon.
When they aren't,well,we're in bad shape.
To put it simply,it's a bug bomb.
It even fails to be an entertaining bad movie.
Avoid"starship troopers"at all costs.
This one belongs in saturday morning cartoons.
Instead,they got john r.
The director's style,b.
The special effects,&c.
The treatment of the story and characters.
Apparantly,everybody can now fly.
Or at least let robin shou direct.
Now for the_really_bad parts.
The first movie was a mindlessly fun thrillride.
This could have been a really cool movie.
Some of the plot elements are just plain stupid.
Take,for instance,how our heroes move around.
Blink and you'll miss'em.
There's no explanation at all for this.
It almost made me weep.
Astronaut"provides only artificial anxiety.
Draw your own conclusions.
Instead,he adds to the phoniness.
In space,no one can hear you scream.
This he refuses do and runs.
Did he have no say so at all.
Review by chris hill.
And realizes that her husband is still alive.
Travis pursues,naturally.
Character development is thin.
It's a long way to go for one line.
But it never goes anywhere.
We get"double jeopardy.
Amazing out of a tight spot when c.
Frankenstein puts the screws on champion city.
There's william h.
Well,let's just call him the gas man.
I believe i counted three.
The adults laughed and laughed.
If so,they were sadly mistaken.
Their mark this time is william b.
I won't bother to compare the two.
Even the basic editing is bad.
I mean,what could possibly go wrong.
The answer is just about everything.
He's too much of a joker.
The trail leads to the diabolical dr.
Swordfish is loud,violent and amoral.
Swordfish is a very cynical movie.
Talk about whacked-out patriotism.
My objections to swordfish are many.
And that is not enough.
The premise had great promise.
Bottom line:don't get trapped in this one.
Comments:this movie was boring.
Entrapment should not have been boring.
So,what went wrong.
Plenty,unfortunately.
The major problem with entrapment is its script.
It has a been-there,done-that feel to it.
Even by movie standards.
It gets worse when they talk and move.
The result is ugly,confusing and boring.
Note:the following reveals the basic plot.
Are you still with me.
There's only a little more.
Aki is infected with the alien force.
So there you have it.
But i'm bored with apocalyptic settings.
The plot is uninteresting,boring and bad.
As written by joe eszterhas.
What the shite were they thinking.
Okay,so where do i start.
Whoopee,big surprise.
Every look in jolie's eyes screams"psycho.
How boring is that for the audience.
Well,i'll tell you.
Well,it's actually pretty simple.
Try imagining a soft-porn movie.
But without the plot.
That's pretty much what you've got here.
A low point in the careers of both stars.
Where's joblo coming from.
Uhhhm,you guessed it.
He didn't fit the part.
Give this dude his own movie.
Now there's a base of humor.
Fifty cars,to be exact.
If only someone could save him.
Wonder what memphis is doing.
Yawn,excuse me,dramatic tension.
Will they get back together.
Will they reconnect.
I'll bet you can.
Or maybe it's just the cars.
Too bad his minutes onscreen are so few.
The ramifications are never explored.
I asked myself,what butterfly.
And then it hit me.
The scene had been snipped.
We want to see the goddamn butterfly.
No naked teri hatcher.
As dave robicheaux,alec baldwin is fat.
Pretty good,bring a friend.
Amazing,potent stuff.
And"what the hell happened to me.
Kudos to both of them.
Take for example"casablanca.
Great film,even today.
But when i rewatched it,i felt cheated.
Thus,the curse of the"event film.
And"independence day"has no balls.
It plays it safe everywhere.
I mean,isn't that devil's den.
I think it's time for impeachment for this guy.
He's more senile than reagan on pot.
As well as her dog,who narrowly survives.
There are some bright spots.
And they even played r.
But there are no real subtle comic moments.
As i said,this film has no balls.
But at least the indy ones last for a lifetime.
This one's short on batteries.
Attempts at characterization fall apart.
What about that a-list cast.
Sharon stone and peter coyote are both flat.
If that's the case,forgiveness is granted.
There are many other little issues that mr.
Ironically,that couldn't be truer here.
He is tragically unbelievable and comically bad.
And this certainly isn't quality.
Can't hardly wait,and krippendorf's tribe.
I like breathing through it.
Jack nicholson,chinatown.
In fact,the story is empty within itself.
Whip out those thinking caps,kids.
Hmmmm,now think hard here,boys and girls.
In fact,it was one big bore.
Give that man an award or something.
The father(played by j.
I can't completely trash this movie.
Right,and that he'll be a virgo.
It's not love at first sight,however.
Johnson's script.
Jakob,however,never stops moving.
Oh yes,and then there's that little girl.
First troy beyer wrote the critically panned"b.
That is not the case here.
The script suffers from random plot developments.
We've never seen her mother before.
We never see her again.
Apparently,this is devastating.
First,it is original.
The same cannot be said for former m.
Good surprises make movies fun to watch.
Then there are the bad twists.
Screwed perfectly suits the latter description.
Of course,everything that could go wrong does.
They give real cops bad names.
He just didn't belong in this movie.
But overall,who cares.
Wow,they got idea credit.
The supporting cast fares well.
One question though:george wendt.
Well,not the two who sat directly behind me.
Maybe there is hope for humanity after all.
Film is a different medium.
It is a visual medium.
And in the end,he failed.
And so the game begins.
Maybe there's a really good reason for it.
There's some genuine talent involved here.
Private investigation.
Who is apparently stealing from his trust fund.
He has received his assignment from k.
For the first time.
So begins our tale of obsession.
Fine,that's a lovely premise,i suppose.
And that's precisely where this film fails.
This is the kind of movie that pisses me off.
That's as deep as it gets,folks.
Cut to random guy with eye patch.
Iguana out of focus.
Iguana comes into focus.
There's nothing new in"mimic.
The switch is to your right.
I shouldn't blame del toro.
Do you speak english.
It's up to wayne and j.
Enter darren silverman.
An amusing physical presence.
She's a monster that wayne and j.
Must defeat to save their friend.
The dilemma of hating the.
Heroes'as much as the.
Villains',makes one wish that the.
What was she thinking.
Suspense at its very derivative.
Maybe,in a way,he's lucky for that.
Lope was wonderful in pedro almod.
Cio)and marries him.
It was an insult to one's intelligence.
They're the better promotion.
Each time i awoke in a sweat,terrified.
For all of its flash and style,l.
Dull"and"stupid.
The future is bleak.
Sound like something charlton heston might be in.
It's too oppressive.
The color scheme is nice.
Ron hubbard was the founder of scientology.
And that john travolta is a member of the church.
Battlefield earth"has the honor sewed up.
That's not the case here.
Strike now while the iron is cold.
Hey,i've got a great idea for a movie.
That still doesn't sound funny to you.
How about if we through in some"ewwwww.
You're absolutely correct.
Except run away and join an amish community.
Then comes the transparent plotline.
Without ever seeing it)didn't like this.
This really isn't a good movie.
What idiot dreamed this movie up.
Lou rawls is even in the mix.
The latter is really too bad.
Silly but kind of neat too.
This turkey is really cheesy.
That's another main element of watchers reborn.
It also has violence,obviously.
My kids give me holy hell for it.
Others will likely be less charitable.
Still,the two veteran actors are fun to watch.
One thing's for sure,though.
They'll never catch me in a car chase.
I thought stripes would be different.
I'm not enjoying this,"the woman protests.
My sentiments exactly.
Hell,he doesn't even have to be shy.
And evil takes the cake,doubtlessly.
And then there's martin sheen.
But bruce wayne had human elements to him.
None of this is present in spawn.
Children are not muppets.
And spawn unapologetically targets children.
It's not a bad thing to update old stories.
It's done all the time in the oral tradition.
The movie is often like watching a filmed play.
Theater in real life is engrossing.
Theater on the screen is usually lifeless.
There doesn't seem to be much going on.
The camera can be a star of films.
Here it's a co-conspirator.
Danielle's convictions are compromised.
In all fairness,my companion loved the film.
It is certainly a date film.
Nearly the entire audience was couples.
Oh well,maybe it's good for something.
It's stupid,pointless and repetitive.
The impressive cast looks suitably embarrassed.
Wait,maybe the only big laughs.
My,how easily does the worm turn.
They fail on both counts.
Mary ann is starting to have numerous problems.
He also starts to lose control of his case.
That man is his boss,mr.
But how do you defeat the devil.
As i recall,"wisdom"was a decent film.
The devil's advocate"is not.
Al pacino kevin lomax.
Keanu reeves mary ann lomax.
Charlize theron mrs.
Judith ivey eddie barzoon.
Jeffrey jones christabella.
The spy game is up.
When did banality and pandering become okay.
Charlie's angels is dumb.
Diaz is a knucklehead.
The supporting characters are no help,though.
The pacing is all off in,"the butcher boy.
So far it sounds interesting right.
After that,they basically run around killing.
Obviously that's not the case here.
Can't the camera men sit still.
What's there to argue about anyway.
Admit it:sometimes you like seeing bad movies.
So i saw"supernova.
Maybe i'm becoming a softy.
But it's still bad.
The crew includes captain a.
Have you seen"alien.
Then you've seen"supernova.
Doesn't make sense.
They don't find it.
More like constipation.
Not that we ever find out who that is,mind you.
The rest of the cast does even less.
Tunney stands around looking cute,then scared.
Cruz flirts with the computer.
I would give it one half of a star for guts.
The script was the worst part.
Tell them the show is great and smile a lot.
Don't waste your money.
Totally unbearable.
But where are the thrills.
And what a shame that is.
The plot is a big problem here.
Tingle's final exam.
The three students head to mrs.
Of course,not everything goes entirely to plan.
The humor is completely inconsistent.
A moment like that never arises.
And the beautiful vivica a.
Tingle remains watchable.
It's jeroen krabb.
Apfelschnitt(topol),tells her about.
So i didn't expect too much from this.
I thought,mabe it will be fun.
And in fact the beginning was rather intriguing.
Portals become veiny stained-glass eyeballs.
Is that exciting or what.
But why give him a more serious material.
But this is where the good things end.
At first you do not know what's going on.
Is this part of the experiment.
Are these hallucinations.
Projections of the subconscience.
The house is actually possessed.
They are impossible to take seriously.
So,is it that bad.
But it's not very good either.
Kinski is bland and unmotivated.
Apparently,no one heard my words.
Oh,how i wish you had heard them.
Oh how i wish someone had stopped him.
Because he's done it again.
The choice of casting does the film in.
So your first instinct has now been confirmed.
So why did he give it up in the first place.
It's totally absurd.
And this is the screenwriter of seven.
Go around to the other side of the car.
This goes on for minutes.
Awful decision there joel.
Another is cage's performance.
You're capable of much better mr.
There have been bad films in recent years:'mr.
Come on people get some new ideas already.
Both those films were tense exercises in chills.
The thrills all came from the plot.
Ronin is like a film made by another man.
Zeik's screenplay is a bit obscure.
If you miss the opening,do not worry.
This film will explain again what a ronin is.
Also along is larry(skipp suddeth.
The story is not very easy to follow.
Some very good actors are involved in this film.
One wonders what they saw in the script.
Darnell doesn't think like this.
He sleeps with these girls once and dumps them.
After all,it is largely darnell's fault.
But all of a sudden she says yes.
Look at this movie.
There are some bright spots,though.
Means so f***ing earnest.
The problem with claire.
All the better for that elusive crazed killer.
Scary)intended to conceal his/her identity.
Now that would be scary.
This is already a problem.
Don't even bother.
But elwood isn't completely without family.
Whilst he is cryogenically frozen.
Then there's mini-me(verne troyer),a.
Petite clone of myer's dr.
Evil and mini-me.
Lost my train of thought.
Anyways,here's those quotes,enjoy.
Review of"armageddon.
In a low-budget film shooting in romania.
But in a turn of bad luck,sammy wrecks his car.
But this giant has a heart of gold.
Mostly,it falls under the category of"boy.
That doesn't mean we have to.
On the red planet,they fail entirely.
There are so many mis-steps.
Why introduce the theme of faith vs.
Two hours later,they're still waiting.
Capsule:an insult.
It's not even fun as trash.
See if you can follow this.
Blam,the kid's dead.
We do not care about them.
They are not interesting.
What exactly is this mess.
The few jokes that do work are wasted.
Actual dialogue excerpt:"fuck you.
You heard me:fuck*you.
I'll be honest here.
S and incoherent,repetitive action sequences.
He vowed to have vengeance.
Just thought i'd mention that.
And i was impressed.
Isn't that a memorable name.
I could just say it over and over again.
The ones who do are irritating.
But i can't forget mr.
The film fails in every other way,too.
First of all,nobody talks like this.
Titillation,of course.
But kids don't act like this.
Nobody acts like this.
The peformances are o.
K,if slightly below average.
Their reasonable good fun,however.
A good opportunity,then,wasted.
Overall rating=review by david wilcock.
They sacked him after he got sick.
That actually is the whole storyline.
Then desaster strikes.
Most of the time she is part of the decoration.
Now we know that she can handle a chain saw.
He doesn't succeed,though.
For all the money they could have done better.
The good captain has his own problems.
Amazing's manager.
The cast includes four oscar-nominated actors.
Yet,i must report disappointment.
Nearly every joke misfires.
For example,no one can recognize capt.
And there's other.
Then show a caption reading"six days earlier.
And just two days before his release,too.
The villains'big idea.
It's not like the man isn't capable.
See,it's called reindeer games.
He's also extremely inept at what he does.
This is a bad movie.
His part is mildly amusing.
This movie does not know where it is going.
That is why this film suffers.
So i didn't expect too much from this.
I thought,mabe it will be fun.
And in fact the beginning was rather intriguing.
Portals become veiny stained-glass eyeballs.
Is that exciting or what.
But why give him a more serious material.
But this is where the good things end.
At first you do not know what's going on.
Is this part of the experiment.
Are these hallucinations.
Projections of the subconscience.
The house is actually possessed.
I believe hichock once said that"it's.
Better to wait for a climax,than to see one.
They are impossible to take seriously.
Eliot(corbin allred)reader.
Who the heck cares.
And it makes"super mario bros.
Ok,let's forget challenging.
Some may say-so what.
It's just a kid's movie.
Consider yourselves warned.
Was this rushed to market to combat disney.
The film is not humorous,tense,or exciting.
Meanwhile,kevin j.
This is an adaptation of h.
Wells'acclaimed novel'the invisible man.
The actors are kevin beacon and elizabeth shue.
The director is paul verhoven.
The problem is to keep us there.
The first two faces are completed.
Caine volunteers for this risky experiment.
Soon every sense of decency is forgotten.
This is a very silly production.
Laughable,actually.
He becomes a rapist.
And then,of course,a murderer.
And all we can ask is why.
The answer is simple.
To make us care,to make us think and feel.
It's all flesh and bones,but no soul.
A void where its imagination should be.
Eddie murphy has a lot riding on harlem nights.
They gonna get sexy.
They gonna get funny.
They gonna get drama.
They gonna get all of that.
And guess who's to blame.
Murphy's awful script is the culprit.
Yes,he even outdoes his own work in raw.
And he shoots jasmine guy in the head.
This is a mean-spirited movie,folks.
For shooting reese's little toe off.
That doesn't seem possible.
For everyone involved.
Good thing brad dourif is here,but wait.
Like i said,this movie could've been great.
The premise is simple.
Come on,silent bob.
We're going to hollywood.
Directed by kevin smith.
Are talking trash about them.
It's as much of a mess as it sounds.
Why is spawn so bad.
Mcfarlane's spawn was a tortured hero.
Unfortunately,you would be dead wrong.
Ooooh real creative.
You know the one on cbs.
Where to begin with this painfully poor thriller.
Let's start with the acting.
Virus'known as man.
But the idea of doing a movie is insane.
Yet it still fails.
The story involves the mario bros.
This seems to be more of a visual film.
However the film drags and is no fun.
You could do worse.
But you could definitely do better.
It is more like a"movie"than it should be.
Yes,it's watchable.
Bison(raul julia.
It catches your attention.
Or"look at that fire-ball ryu did at vega.
This movie needed more action in the first place.
This is a definite plus.
But this film doesn't let that happen.
No one could stop him,not even ichabod.
He completely butchered the story to pieces.
The acting by depp was quite notable.
The atmosphere too was quite involving.
Pretty good premise,no.
And what about the film's main plot point.
Or why not set up another heist instead.
And many,many more.
She was completely superfluous.
I appreciate the spoon-feeding,dude.
See it if you like dumb thrillers.
Where's joblo coming from.
The girls'cover is surely blown.
Or will this finely honed plan crack over time.
In the film,rose mcgowan fares the best.
Nice miniature effects,however.
Actual location shooting in mysore.
Ape shown badly matted behind temple.
Combining of images usually pretty bad.
Incompetent matching of film stocks.
Stock footage frequently used.
Perhaps,if he found the proper vehicle.
The problem is that his proposal sucks.
And within a very limited time frame.
Another is the colorful cast.
You've seen the tv spots,haven't you.
The actors are all quite good with ms.
And i would have been spared a headache.
A matriarchal society.
Sounds pretty intriguing,eh.
Well,don't get your hopes up.
Harry potter)come out next month.
We first see young max keeble(alex d.
The scenario is,of course,a dream.
Whoa-don't worry,parents.
He doesn't do it klebold-harris style.
You've seen this kind of movie before.
The sets are beautiful to gaze upon.
There is a rule when it comes to movies.
A sequel is never as good as the original.
They made this movie before they were stars.
Hey,don't say i didn't warn you.
This film has absolutely no redeeming qualities.
Lomax is soon given the case of his life.
Granted,the film is very handsome-looking.
I didn't like it.
That's the kernel of it,anyway.
And then there's the special effects.
F'gawds sake,guys,this is jack nicholson.
Let him grin demonically.
Skip the splitting earth and fake lightning.
So what is the witches of eastwick.
A statement about women.
In other words,a mess.
Alas,it refers to our heroes.
Virus takes itself seriously.
The leader,of course,is a big creature.
On one level,virus is almost passable fun.
It would be kind to call him bland.
On the technical side,it's all bad news.
Original sin then briefly tries to be a thriller.
This is just as well.
They're either silly,sappy,or both.
The dialog gets much of the credit for this.
That it is disappointing is not.
The film couldn't settle on a particular mood.
So who doesn't know this already.
Well,maybe children.
So is the film for adults.
Directed by william malone.
Appears as a tv news reporter.
Capsule:liebes meets tod.
This was a film about sex and death.
We see him crawling away after a shock.
Moral dilemma of teresa's father.
He does not get involved in the orgies.
And it's not a comedy.
Strange dude and one crappy flick.
What's good about this movie.
At least change the clothes,jimmy.
Did they owe the director a favor or something.
Big daddy really isn't that good.
It's a poor attempt to win over the audience.
The two twins who play julian are o.
Take your kids to see boogie nights instead.
Teamwork was the key.
And so there's no fun going on here whatsoever.
They spoke little,but fought a lot.
Thus,the movie was easy to digest.
But the movie is not a complete fatality.
How will loveless accomplish this.
What attracted sonnenfeld to this material.
Rd from good will hunting.
But the acting doesn't help either.
There's no end to the vicious circle.
You'll have a better time.
I bet he wishes he were somewhere else.
His childhood is cruelty and competition.
He is indoctrinated with the big rules.
Never question authority.
Winning is everything.
Strength beats knowledge.
Obviously our hero is still alive.
They are the other good guys.
Todd finds himself in the role of protector.
The plot is old hat.
Hardly anything makes sense.
The film's science fares badly.
Who would you guess wins.
Supposedly this clich.
Isn't meant to be humorous.
The movie doesn't even work as an action film.
There is never a question as to the outcome.
The acting isn't anything to write home about.
Sometimes the sets are impressive.
Whatever you'd like it to be.
What is this,a homicide or a bad b-movie.
So bad,it's almost good.
Almost,but not quite.
The acting is bad with a capital b.
The story is worse.
Of course,that isn't really saying much.
The story moves around in a hap hazard fashion.
Not a great one,but it is there.
Just don't be too upset if you can't find it.
You really won't be missing that much.
And rose mcgowan should just quit acting.
Can you say"dated.
It all seems so harmless in the beginning.
And everyone's helping with the pregnancy.
That's when you know your health's failing.
By about the two-hour mark i felt the same way.
I guess someone put a spell on this movie.
But here,he gets himself into a bind.
It was the hottest summer on record.
At the top of the list is ritchie.
Question springs to mind.
You'd never guess from his performance.
But it's also empty,pretentious and boring.
Even i'm offended by it.
What a pleasant main character.
Why they decide this"one day"i have no idea.
Hell,my fellow americans,it ain't.
And that car rolling off the cliff.
And the ending gets all super-mushy,too.
It's the best work she's ever done.
A little too tidy,don'tcha think.
You'd think you'd get the best of both films.
Instead you get woo.
Mayhem follows them.
But for the sake of this bad movie.
A good joke,but a stolen one.
Woo won't be one either.
So why was it made.
Nothing about wild things is exceptionally risqu.
Kevin bacon)is familiar with.
Neve campbell gets to model the slutty look.
Clinton's score keeps it pulsing and throbbing.
Eddie murphy was in bad shape for a while.
Metro"is a no-nonsense movie.
Or maybe it's the work of a copycat.
The second punch comes from gal's past.
It is not a great plot.
It is an old plot dressed up to look new.
We see one side of a person's faces.
You dawn't own mah life.
I found the film oftentimes ludicrous and boring.
I wished i had thought of that.
Working from a politically-correct,clich.
Dear god,this is a fantastically bad film.
But what a strange mess it is.
It was written by stephen e.
Can this be the same man.
What are the implications of this.
Is well-choreographed.
If it were boring,i'd give it zero stars.
Welcome to your oh-so typical sequel.
Now there's an idea.
The first thing that struck me.
Very different to the original movie.
All i can say is bring back keanu.
But that's one more tree stump than jason has.
William dafoe-there's a bright move.
Yes,that is sarcasm.
Completely computer generated.
Such as the oil tanker part.
There was very little feeling of speed.
The ending of this movie really is terrible.
This is a happy moment because.
Bang bang then there was the dog.
Strike two came while the previews played.
But,then again,what do i know about business.
Everything else fails.
Why are the characters such idiots.
The whole film is like that.
Astronaut a:"yeah,that's mars all right.
Cheadle stumbles over his awkward lines.
Me,i alternated between the two.
I am happy"flashes across the screen.
This is unsettling for the psychologist.
What happens if jerry gets mad.
Then the situation turns bad.
Deadly beasts appear from nowhere.
Lethal sea snakes attack goodman.
Are the manifestations real.
And"entrepreneurship,babycakes.
Standing out among my favorites.
Before it's too late.
Along the way to it goal(goal.
The"dick,the world is in danger.
Overall,i thought this was a very weak effort.
Worth the price of admission.
Nothing much special.
What were they thinking.
An orginal plot that grows old real fast.
Men in black has defied the odds.
I love original plots.
This one had an original one.
A sentimental moment in an alien movie.
Nice try,but i don't think so.
It doesn't work here.
You might like that feeling of cluelessness.
Guy who also did last seduction)red rock west.
Pretty good,bring a friend.
Amazing,potent stuff.
Warning:may contain slight mild spoilers.
That's pretty much it on plot.
Good role,ok performance.
And to watch this film is almost as painful.
Jack carter is as tough as tough guys come.
I help them remember.
He has a chiseled body full of tattoos.
He speaks in a hushed but menacing tone of voice.
Sylvester stallone.
The police attribute it to heavy drinking.
This all gets tiring fairly quickly.
Stallone has the personality of a slab of stone.
The weather is constantly overcast or rainy.
You're better off leaving this guy alone.
The film concerns mr.
The point is that mr.
Bean comes to america and causes wacky trouble.
Problems problems problems,where to begin.
Then,the song choices are totally uninspired.
Wow,don't put any thought into that guys.
Also,bean makes way too much noise in the film.
Each episode was like a chaplin silent movie.
Sad,and creatively lazy.
Bean is having sex with things.
And even that isn't a very positive statement.
It's not a comedy.
It tries,sometimes,but it rarely works.
Surprisingly,co-writer steven e.
It should have been a classic.
A great cast of respected supporting actors.
The jokes were not funny for a number of reasons.
Or ruins the movie.
So why continue to watch.
This film is far from a worthy guilty pleasure.
I'm unpredictable.
An overexcited ben stiller shouts out.
No ben,you're the complete opposite.
The jaded detective(patrick dempsey.
The kinky producer(lance henriksen.
The driven young director(scott foley.
The ingenue(emily mortimer.
I want to be involved in show business one day.
This movie proves it for me.
This film is different.
That's the trouble with me,*i*notice.
There is talk of a fifth batman movie.
As well she should.
Scriptures do speak of revelation.
Who spake as they were moved by holy spirit(i.
As a messenger,she was quite effective.
But is it any good.
I'll elaborate further.
The story is as follows.
So,basically,what you have is this.
And'should you cut the lawn later.
I dinosaurs(the t.
A very dissapointing sequel,indeed.
Holy man"attempts to be several things at once.
Unfortunately,he's not onscreen enough.
After a while,they fall in love(well,duh.
This is the love letter's damning error.
Even worse--it's a bore.
But it's far from profound.
Whoa,the suspense is almost too much.
Someone get me my lithium.
Magoo being a prime example.
The cartoon figure mr.
Magoo can only be described as painfully bad.
Fifteen minutes of it feels like an eternity.
Magoo provides only three such moments.
Rather than attempt to adapt mr.
Throughout the whole film,she looks dorky.
The picture moves along very slowly also.
It almost threatens to drop dead.
Instead,it just turns out to be merely average.
A missed opportunity.
Overall rating=review by david wilcock.
That about sums this movie up.
Not quite the word i'm looking for.
You understand,right.
Leave it to america to screw the whole thing up.
Summing up the movie is simple.
I can see the scene on the set right now.
Make up something,m'kay.
And drag it out they do.
I think they cut this too short.
It should read,"size does matter.
Well,he's pretty much rodman.
It's the story that needs some major work.
So,what's a kickboxing mercenary to do.
And much of what's going on is just wacky.
Did i mention"double team"is strange.
Yes,that bill murray.
Sound like a good,complete movie.
That's how cheezy it comes off.
He is arrested and hauled into a chinese prison.
His cell,food and rights  all terrible.
Martin vail  where are you.
Those days are gone.
A nipple hallucination sort of thing.
The worst movie of the year,"i say.
But don't call her"babe.
Thank god they didn't name her cora reef.
One bad character name is more than enough.
Barb wire has only two things going for it.
And i think you know what those two things are.
Instead the two are careless hawaiian surf bums.
Yellowstone has a problem.
Not just one or two.
The deedles are assigned to eliminate the p.
La"austin powers.
Tomb raider"tells a story,sort of.
Except angelina jolie's lips and breasts.
This was almost two years ago.
Finally,i forgot about it.
American perfekt"is a jumbled mess.
The storyline is non-existent.
Nothing in this movie makes sense.
David thewlis has a part as a drifting con-man.
You would think so,wouldn't you.
American perfekt"is a waste of time.
This doesn't happen.
It hasn't worked so far.
Super mario brothers.
Not a watchable film in the bunch.
Still i held out some hope for"tomb raider.
Now this train wreck.
I have never liked john carpenter and his style.
John carpenter remains john carpenter.
But there are some things that are interesting.
Carpenter has created an interesting atmosphere.
The cinematography by gary b.
But here james woods is suprisingly convincing.
The other cast members are struggling.
And it should have been.
Or something like that.
Here's another one.
Now it just needs to work as a film.
Which it doesn't.
It's too sloppy and too contrived.
It paints a bleak portrait of high school life.
But really,we don't care anyway.
Whichever one you like,dear,he says.
I liked that scene for two reasons.
First,the cakes looked really cool.
A cop with a troubled personal life.
A ruthless villain.
A friend of the cop.
A_dead_friend of the cop.
A quest for vengeance.
A romantic interest.
A chase scene_in san francisco_
And doing a few interesting things with it.
And this is supposed to make sense.
The bottom line:horrible,horrible,horrible.
And what's with that title.
One of the worst horror films in years.
It's hard seeing arnold as mr.
Speaking of action,where was it in this film.
There was hardly any explosions or fights.
Do they even read these things anymore.
It sure doesn't seem like it.
The guy is creepy looking anyway.
I wanted to like the waterboy,i really did.
You can figure out the rest from here.
The real standout though,is kathy bates.
I hate that cliche.
So,vince,how about a movie.
The plot turns in several places are contrived.
Remember how stupid that looked.
Still,lil gives violet another chance.
It seemed like the perfect concept.
Jim carrey's signed on too.
It's not for lack of trying.
Think charlie and irene will fall in love.
And"earthquake,"my god.
Only it's in,dare i say it.
They're just stupid.
And the actors are all good ones.
Anne heche is a good indy actress.
And gaby's one of the few good teenage actors.
And there are no interesting sites in l.
That we see get destroyed.
Okay,so the film's not devoid of merit.
He has one guy who's wounded and could make it.
Here's the cool sight:he melts.
Simpson(he saves a cat.
This movie can't make up its mind.
Yes,it's put that bluntly.
You have been warned.
Did they just play cards and tell dirty jokes.
Maybe even cheated.
After all,they do pretty well.
Meanwhile,scientist dr.
This isn't the x-files,goddammit.
Exclaims one character in the early going.
Aliens sans flamethrowers.
Williamson suffers the worst indignity.
Francis appears to be in complete ecstasy.
I'm optimistic by nature.
I'm optimistic about nothing.
Loneliness is my only true companion.
Lucy alexis liu(of t.
Did i do something bad.
The first problem is a flaw in the plot.
Sure,g makes people feel good.
But,hey,that's after they've bought it.
Another problem is in the humor.
Whoa,partner,are you in for a surprise.
Holy man is not funny.
Think again,buckwheat.
Jeff goldblum disappoints.
Kelly preston is flat(but not like that.
They look a lot like they're bored.
Just like the audience.
A film that drags more than a dropped anchor.
The movie goes on for another half hour.
That movie was awful.
This one is for the truly pious.
And the scariest part of it all.
Now help me figure this one out,will you.
That's telling'em,joblo.
Where's joblo coming from.
The cartoon is way better.
The film comes briefly to life.
Spawn"may be somewhat of an older film.
It wasn't the worst film of year by any means.
Even the editing seemed to boast a campy quality.
Well,annoyingly unprofessional.
Nice to see you,jim.
Leading off this inning is john warren.
Wh:can we guess who wins.
They're not just boring;they're lackluster.
Hc:warren fouls off a fastball.
Wh:are there lots of yuks in this one.
Jb:not one,from start to finish.
Like cerrano,tanaka,and dorn.
There aren't any real characters here.
Just an assortment of cliched oddballs.
They have no depth.
We don't really miss them,though.
Hc:breaking ball,low and outside.
Jb:that's right.
It's a wretched time-waster.
Wh:thanks for the advice.
Jb:you're welcome.
Fouled back,right into this booth.
Hey,jim,heads up.
Somebody better get him some ice for that.
Anyway,back to the action on the field.
It's time to take cover.
Harry survived,but his wife did not.
This film contains a number of cliches.
The amorous couple is one.
Is that your recipe for frog soup.
Asks one of the team members.
It's my recipe for disaster,"responds harry.
Thanks for the tip.
When we first see the u.
Were they even attracted to each other.
Who does he think he is.
Does he plunge headlong to his death.
The first is the scenery.
The second is the special effects.
See the virgin spring for more on that note.
Is jackson's character then simply insane.
How did the prosecution get this information.
How come he didn't get it.
It's all handwaving.
It's not easy to make a movie about something.
And the list goes on.
He needs to stay away from the water.
So why is"mandingo"so bad.
And how does he show it.
Oh,and it gets better.
And by the way,do you get the symbolism.
Red,white,and blue.
They say they don't have it.
It takes a kind of resistance to make gore art.
What they really need is a reality check.
Rose macgowan is horrible.
And then there's james duval.
Or at least somewhere up there.
No explanation of this should be necessary.
And finally,a note to gregg:grow up.
And don't quit it.
Could it be any more obvious martha is a boy.
But that's just it-scenes.
I mean,was this really necessary.
I mean,this is a comedy,why throw ethics in.
Did we attend the same movie.
All sounding like good fun so far.
There's no emotion behind it.
She may look pretty,but she can't act.
Max von sydow is o.
K as the traveller,if nothing special.
While films like e.
Instead,it's all rather boring.
S,and dud speeches.
Sadly,i recommend you give this film a miss.
Better luck next time,robin.
A david wilcock review.
You know,standard kid movie material.
Then again,maybe they were asleep.
Its absence in the film is unforgivable.
A hollow victory indeed.
Pretty good,bring a friend.
Amazing,potent stuff.
The truck is driven by arlo(cuba gooding jr.
That would be pretty nasty.
This proves to be tricky.
Take the villains,for example.
The tag-team of gooding jr.
And ulrich sounds much more exciting than it is.
And the incessant sputtering of`oh,sh*t.
And i did chuckle a few times.
You own this place.
Yeah,'ulrich says.
They call me darlene.
Ridden as this,it is particularly irritating.
For completists only.
She and her stepdaughter odette(chlo.
After groping both women,harry agrees.
The comet-disaster flick is a disaster alright.
Producer jerry bruckheimer fails with armageddon.
Brazil_is on my personal top ten.
Chris'wife commits suicide.
And i like good thought-provoking questions.
Hey chris:did you forget.
Your thoughts are_real_
Because there would be no movie,that+s why.
Says bluntly:"that+s fantasy.
Gag me with a spoon_
But far more entertaining.
Daily comes in with noticable results.
I)change the venue into"the big city.
This has been praised as wildly original.
How about the muppets.
Even_the bad news bears_travelled to tokyo.
S-t-r-e-t-c-h.
Have her arrested falsely on drug charges.
My problem is with the story,or lack thereof.
This is screenwriting.
But to farmer hoggett.
An elderly mickey rooney.
Much too irreverent.
Splice those singing mice into those scenes.
The film isn't a colossal failure.
I liked the pink poodle.
Hope i didn't ruin it for you.
Now my view has completely changed.
A person can only take so much.
It's pretty bad when even tim allen is pitiful.
Alan rickman however was not so lucky.
Is that too much to ask.
Do you have a castle.
But he still manages to talk her into dinner.
Observe the opening sequence.
The audience finds some humor in his foolishness.
The lights suddenly go out.
Cisco is surprised and says:"whoa.
Melvin must now find a way to stay alive.
Nishi has a trace buster buster.
What goes on among this clique.
Why is cisco at odds with melvin.
Bad,bad,bad movie.
It's sort of like the musical era it covers.
However,after the wedding,the film drags on.
See it in economy time.
The plot,which has mr.
Call"hush""stop or my mom will kill.
Or"mommy fearest.
Or"the hand that robs the cradle.
But can you really blame them.
White than black vs.
He comes across as absolute overkill.
That's not a good sign.
Fox),who have never met.
Oh,no,they have to be latex,not lambskin.
Talk about coitus interruptus.
Half of the scenes seem to occur for no reason.
A timeless epic it is not.
Even his fellow troopers are petrified.
Sprinkled throughout the screenplay.
Violence breeds yet more violence.
Kids,don't try this at home.
S nothing quite like a gory anime.
Vampire hunter d is a gory,gory film.
S gore is unique-it.
S story,characters,animation,etc.
T seem to get a handle on vampires in the movies.
Of course,he never put a.
Sign on his yard,so one can.
T really blame her,but he.
S upset anyway and demands retribution.
She gets the obligatory bite on the neck(aren.
T there other places to get blood from.
When he speaks,it.
Heroes like this are bad when they.
Re live,even worse when animated.
S the best defense i can think of.
What is the point of that.
M not a prude,i just don.
S tasteless and despicable.
He has confused profundity with pretentiousness.
And there isn't much depth to begin with.
It's all way too much for him.
For revenge,bill almost has sex with a hooker.
Then he almost does the hooker's roommate.
What's the big deal.
Even geniuses have their bad days.
Silverstone's emily t.
Do you like my tummy.
Emily coos to vincent at one point in the film.
Did i miss something.
But,on the other hand,it is clueless.
Because i'm a scientist.
That's what we do.
In this respect,the film never disappointed me.
The word to describe sharon stone is"wonder.
Even the threat(or promise.
Kay is a congresswoman from new hampshire.
However,it is also hard to compliment it.
In double jeopardy,the stakes are high.
And now,back to the plot.
Who may still be alive.
Yes,you heard right.
Perhaps this would have made a good comedy.
That have come before it.
It starts to drag,unfortunately,after this.
Message in a bottle is one slow moving film.
The reliable douglas is particularly wasted.
Its strict adherence to clich.
Disconnect the phone line.
Don't accept the charges.
This is an annoying and ineffective device.
Her frenzy is apparent.
But really,it's no mystery.
It's a wrong number from the beginning.
Which is actually quite good.
And he has to ask to borrow clothing.
But we do not really see much of that digging.
Randy newman has written a playful score.
In fact,it isn't funny at all.
When they open the trunk later,liz is dead.
They cake it on her and welcome her to the clan.
This is a learning institution,not a brothel.
Hollywood never fails to astound me.
Nothing but groans and yawns.
And midnight(no wonder this guy is so cranky.
Subtle,marlowe,subtle.
The cast is just as ineffective.
He's a better actor than casper van dien.
That should count for something.
But that was then and this is now.
Of the three,only danes has a real character.
All kinds of good stuff.
Of a nasty alien race known as the kilrathi.
Or something like that.
Action sequences fizzle.
Everything our heroine lacks.
The actress inhabits the role.
As she always so remarkably does.
And then there's the music.
Yup,it's gotta be summer.
Calling dean edell.
Oddly,no one thinks to just.
Jump off the back of the boat.
Who has a crush on the hero.
Who also knows how to sign.
His first lol line is to ms.
Bullock:"i'd like to boogie with you.
Oh,how far we've come in twenty years.
And wonderful nonsense at that.
Memories of weekend at bernie's.
How do films like mouse hunt get into theatres.
Isn't there a law or something.
One touching scene early on is worth mentioning.
This kind of rubbish will just not do at all.
Or a combination of people.
It's mostly silent.
Part three must disappoint.
Maybe it looked good on paper.
Are we laughing yet.
The badness of patch adams is stupefying.
It's confounding.
I can't believe a film can be this bad.
But the film fails fundamentally in execution.
The music is very very sad.
Real drama is character-based.
That's why patch adams is not real drama.
Sentimentality like this is indeed bad.
You see,patch is a really great student.
He bursts out every three seconds.
Most of us have to study.
And you can not do that without studying.
Who needs the rules.
Only uptight doctors follow the rules.
In the middle of the forest.
Where patients can be taken to be helped.
Will it have an emergency room.
Or is it just for mental patients.
And who,may i ask,will pay for it.
I know nothing about him.
Actually,robin williams does a lot of shouting.
Patch adams is the cheapest of them all.
As for what the movie is actually about.
Well,that will all sort itself out eventually.
And those are the real jokes in eddie.
Or"hey,it's mujibur and sirajul.
I am befuddled by fight club.
But if it is,i sure don.
Himself,make him a loser at the game of life.
Once jack is sucked into tyler.
T get out,literally.
S house for three days.
The pointless journey.
Now,throughout the film.
All of them play an important role.
Well,i can kinda just tell.
T really put my finger on it.
Is that bad for the world.
Not much room for social commentary there.
So what was the point of all this.
T figure out what they were.
Pitt,carter,norton.
All of them are good.
Even meatloaf is good.
T be more bizarre and unappealing.
I'm usually very easy on films.
There is virtually no fun in this film at all.
I couldn't have cared less.
He talks all to often in this movie.
The acting in underwhelming.
Can't hardly wait,however,does not.
I couldn't stand any of those characters.
And when i say"forced",i mean it.
I've seen porno with better dialogue.
And some with better plot lines too.
You know the routine.
But those gun shots sure crack like thunder.
Oh how far we've come.
They're so adorable.
Ve as you might think"she seems to be saying.
No,it's just horribly confused.
This is bad beyond belief.
I would*not*suggest paying money to see this.
There's a good chance you'll regret it.
They strut around nude for no reason whatsoever.
Then some characters have sex.
Then some more die.
You remember how batman&robin was bad.
It does not succeed as a drama.
It does not succeed as a war movie.
It does not succeed as a comedy.
It does not succeed as a satire.
It does not succeed as a parody.
It succeeds as being horrible.
Gut-wrenchingly bad.
It never got better.
Of course,i recommend the same for everyone.
Don't go anywhere near it.
Verhoeven's got a streak going now.
His last movie was showgirls.
Is it really*all*bad.
Feel free to give it a shot.
Please,avoid this.
And then there's the music.
Which leaves us with adam sandler.
But none of them work well at all.
A lot,and mike giggling like a loony.
Com)is better than the film.
Does the arms subplot turn up later.
The answer:it looked cool.
Or how about the"atmosphere.
Would've been over in a half hour.
They both seem kind of happy.
Maybe they were driving away from simon west.
Let the investigation begin.
But it just could have been so much better.
That's"dirty work"in a nutshell.
A very different kind of movie.
This is not a movie that i can easily review.
And tells me this movie is terrible.
It's a one note concept.
First the critic in me.
Here's the catch.
None of the characters are sympathetic.
And i loved watching it.
How do they get out of it.
And surprise,they get fired.
The characters are incredibly mean-spirited.
Too bad we have to do it,"mitch says.
And that's the way it should be.
I just couldn't stop laughing.
What the film is not,however,is funny.
The plot centers around the return of dr.
I wish i had stuck to my first impression.
There is no sense of comic timing or subtlety.
It just means you grew up since seventh grade.
You expected more,didn't you.
In truth,that reminded me of the eighies.
First,we have the prison warden subplot.
There's also the prison guard subplot.
And these,unfortunately,run hot and cold.
Even joe seems distracted at times.
The film piles on the clich.
Ned says a debt must be paid.
Spoiler to follow in the next paragraph.
The premise:a lawyer can't lie for a day.
Carrey suceeds in making it unwatchable.
Grinding doesn't begin to describe.
But,it fails on every possible level.
It fails to be funny.
It fails to be insightful.
It fails to be suspensful.
It fails to be fun.
They should pay people to see it.
Yes,literally insane.
I reccemond it strongly.
Confidential again.
Or even--god help me--palmetto.
Alex proyas's new movie screams atmosphere.
The movie starts out oh-so-promising.
All well and good,right.
No,wait,that's not fair to casablanca.
In this movie,no one is given anything to do.
A man who doesn't remember anything.
The script doesn't help him out any,however.
Long's co-stars are a mixed bag.
That's not the case.
We've seen this stuff before.
Comments:the ex is a very bad movie.
Oh,that's right.
I'm sorry,but your time is up.
This is what passes for humor in the film.
Trust me,it is funny in context.
Finally,there's buster(j.
The plotting of the film is hardly original.
It seems to be almost a clone of the original.
There are plenty of recurring characters too.
And what's the deal with the orphan.
Buy the soundtrack and avoid the film.
Better yet,rewatch the original.
You'll have a much better time.
Several years ago dr.
Hoffman's acting seems muted.
Jackson seems to laid back.
As usual nothing goes right until the last reel.
The sequel is more cynical.
Well,what are you going to expect.
Led by anthropologists dr.
In this movie,they're both.
There are no standout performances here.
Absolutely ridiculous.
Instead,it's turned into a disaster.
Truer words have never been spoken.
But enough about the phony snakes.
Now it's time to talk about the lousy story.
Ah,the mysteries of hollywood.
The wacky fashions are here.
Whatever his appeal is,i've missed it.
Comments:thanksgiving.
This isn't exactly a winning combination.
This film was originally titled below utopia.
Perhaps they should have renamed it hell.
Avoid this clunker.
Well yeah i can,it's not funny.
They've been cremated.
The premise is basically the same.
It's really just a skit movie.
Vegas vacation comes off like the first.
Have a good vegas joke,make a vegas movie.
The simple fact is:this movie isn't funny.
Chase plays clark griswold really well.
He made the character and he is the character.
Well that's not all.
If this sounds like a wild idea,it's not.
Naturally,this got me worried.
Also,major events,such as mr.
The story is a bit of a mess,frankly.
She looks nice,though.
Plunkett&macleane is a massive disappointment.
Gibson's script only adds insult to injury.
Johnny mnemonic is an awesomely bad movie.
But that's another essay.
It turns out(what else.
What went wrong with this movie.
But it sure is a fascinating failure.
When they do this,it turns out she is paris.
It's very bad to have paris against you.
The story is standard action film stuff.
Grenades are thrown in tight places.
People jump out of tall buildings and survive.
E,is convincingly air-headed.
Making it's debut at the dollar theater.
Locally,chairman of the board did just that.
Chairman of the board,once again.
Did somebody say chairman of the board.
This has the crabby landlady,ms.
A movie this bad speaks for itself.
You don't look at a ren.
Ricci,for example,plays a prostitute.
Wayne and garth,these two are not.
Their sad lives take on a whole new direction.
She's educated and a forebearing witch.
Meanwhile,doug is a complete loser.
How did these two ever get together.
Staros(elias koteas)to execute an order.
I cried during_babe_
Such,my friend,is the power of cinema.
They can't possibly drop the ball on this one.
Can't possibly miss.
But there's little humor here.
Even the mouth is ill-synched.
Here,betty thomas is clearly over her head.
After all this,what's left.
A_lot_of butt jokes.
That's only the beginning.
But it didn't all come together.
They began to resemble g.
Joes,the greatest american hero.
It was dramatic when used in flashback.
Then it just seemed silly.
Bring out your dead.
Dragonheart is,well,too much of too little.
And self-important.
And the list goes on.
Keep that man away from the knife drawer.
The title is,of course,a contradiction.
Shouldn't it be"minor league.
Gus challenges leonard to a match,the buzz vs.
Wanna guess who wins.
Harmon written and directed by:jeff b.
Pfferpot(director jeff b.
Sigmoid colon(also jeff b.
Harmon),who claims he can cure homosexuality.
Indie-underground.
Aren't gladiator films considered to be.
The actors aren't good either.
We are then introduced to dr.
He is immediately drafted by the u.
The military,with dr.
Tatopoulos who snaps the beast's picture.
Tatopoulos'estranged girlfriend)and mr.
The film is bleak and ugly looking.
Everything is ugly and dark.
For a scientist,this is very poor observation.
Taxis can out maneuver godzilla.
Maybe a giant hermit crab in the sequel.
New yorkers hate beta cam.
Godzilla for the most part is okay.
This is a film that needed the hype.
My only suggestion for mr.
This film could be the next"rocky horror.
Only it's not funny.
Some of these work better than others.
If that sounds complicated,it is.
Unfortunately,it isn't.
On its surface,it appears to be a kid's film.
It certainly would have been more entertaining.
That slow the film down unnecessarily.
I loved those fluoro coloured suits.
Of scorces'costume drama casino.
Is that a"damn you mcbain.
I hear from springfield way.
So the movie is cliched.
Donnie brasco fails on both counts.
The consequences are painful to watch.
Screenwriter steven e.
It feels like an eternity.
It is bill's time.
But death has other plans.
That is not all,however.
How can you play death in human form.
They are not creatures,but phenomenas.
They did in mine,heaven help us.
The tone is terrible and the banter is worse.
Even the dialogue gets drowned out.
They need not have wasted their time.
Keep cool just isn't very funny.
Headache,as i said.
The bookseller would be better off without her.
There are a few things that keep cool does right.
The trailer looked cute enough,after all.
The head of the group,tommy pickles(e.
Hardee-har-har.
So what did the writers choose to do.
The rugrats movie"is doa from the start.
This fear of drama soured me on fast times.
They become walking wardrobes.
That is her hallmark.
But what about the script.
Well,that's not up to par either.
Velicorapters)running around new york.
Right,so the script and acting suck.
But what about the special effects.
Thankfully,they're are quite good.
Let's just hope one never arrives.
The leader of the pack,gen.
One reason is readily apparent.
The sole saving grace of the film is jones.
It doesn't look that way.
You are a choir boy.
Is this her job in the film.
He doesn't get a joke.
No,i think the audience might need them more.
This journey is one bumpy ride.
You can almost hear the reels panting.
Help is needed quickly.
An elderly,fortune-telling witch arrives.
It does not look promising.
They are ready to sacrifice their lives.
At many points,i was even confused.
It would make thor cry.
He was born with a negative i.
And look how popular he was thirty years ago.
If he crashes his mercedes,he gets a new one.
Critique:this movie did not make me laugh once.
Overall,this movie stinks.
After eight months in la she got her first part.
But let's face it.
Are we laughing yet.
It's all good fun,but too little too late.
Army's criminal investigation division.
Complicating the case is the fact that capt.
I'll begin with those involved with the play.
Tienne(guillaume canet)and fran.
Oise(virginie ledoyen.
Richard is obviously obsessed by fran.
She meets nick to propose the plan.
Quite frankly it's insulting.
Her performance was not convincing.
No such luck with"picture perfect.
Jennifer aniston nick.
Kevin bacon mercer.
Illeana douglas rita.
Visit my movie reviews.
The story,you ask.
She starts having some wild hallucinations.
So,she helps him kill three businessmen.
This guy is*so*bad("how bad*is*he.
The demons are not,however,the good guys.
The dumb bimbo's the good guy.
This is basically a"bad jinn"story.
It is an*awful*movie.
I do think the*rat*acting was quite good.
I have never seen rats look afraid.
They should get nominated for an award.
The envelope for best furry rodent,please.
A""rating would be far too generous.
Had to have something to do.
Dumb,dumb,dumb movie.
I was embarrassed that i spent money to see it.
How many times must we tolerate the same clich.
We have not seen such waste of t.
The millenium approaches.
An incessant downpour batters an unnamed city.
This is what passes for meaningful communication.
And they say romance is dead.
This is as fascinating as it sounds.
Astaire and rogers this is not.
If so,he succeeds.
If it was a challenge,i wasn't up for it.
You get an audience in a coma.
And let the comedy begin.
And even that description is too wordy.
D,"humorous"situations pointing to it.
Fat woman plays basketball.
Fat woman takes a dump.
Well they left one off the board.
Movie critic slips into coma.
It's just that awful.
Are amanda and tom destined to be together.
Also of note is larry gilliard jr.
Now,that certainly is what i'd call magical.
They(yawn)were wrong.
If i had to list a reason why.
Before finally giving up and switching off.
It's a nice special effect,though.
Or rather,the lack of them.
But none of these are all-too suspenseful.
And there's no real finale.
Who cares if heston dies.
And who cares about that whole plane spiel.
But that's another story(and review.
The formula is simple.
No questions asked.
This time,however,they may have gone too far.
What is the target of these thieves.
But something else is hunting the argonauticus.
Something ancient and deadly.
And now the creature senses fresh meat.
And the monster gets to pick them off one by one.
Or if it does,not a very good one.
Off the high board.
Then i realized he was,and i was watching it.
I found this scene offensive.
It is all routine stuff.
Notice if the road was on fire.
In fact,it's kind of boring.
However,protocol forces me to do otherwise.
This movie has both.
Why would they shower in their clothes.
What if they weren't covered in latex paint.
At least he's friends with wes anderson.
Certainly hodges is not complaining.
Did childers violate authorized u.
Military rules of engagement.
Or are there simply no rules in war.
Where is the accusations from the arab leaders.
That is precisely why it's not offensive.
It is completely unobjective.
Many stories are started and never finished.
Many questions are asked,but never answered.
A lot of parallels are referring to nothing.
Is it about arab mentality.
America's foreign policies.
America's role in the world.
Corruption in the higher circles.
Jackson is gray and jones uninteresting.
The time has come for the verdict.
And that it's not a coincidence that u.
S of the conventional b-films.
I guess that i was expecting the former going in.
Was that an actual sequence or a fantasy.
What ever happened to the lawsuit.
Where's joblo coming from.
The devil changes you.
These turn out to be very wise words.
This is where everything goes awry.
Cage is the film's sole flame of energy.
Furthermore,what has become of joel schumacher.
Nothing in this rehash even comes close.
Have you got all that.
Because there is more.
Now,what does that tell you.
Would that the stories were worth the telling.
And then it gets worse,literally raining frogs.
This is an absolute lie.
God is in the forgiveness business.
So much for sweet returns.
Which it certainly is.
For now watch the first one.
Its much much better.
By the end credits,i just gave up and ran out.
Godzilla is a nuclear freak.
And,boy,does he find out.
And,boy,does godzilla suck.
Let's show this puppy.
Roland emmerich needs a good horse whipping.
I plan on giving some things away here.
He next strikes in new york city.
Anyone have a map handy.
His name is mayor ebert.
His assistant is named gene.
I couldn't make this up if i tried,folks.
Stay with me on this one.
Godzilla can out run torpedoes.
Hank azaria can out run godzilla babies.
Oh yeah,i can go all the way to e.
Godzilla strikes at manhattan.
They evactuate to new jersey in about one day.
Early on,they bait godzilla with fish.
He likes fish,you know.
The thing is on an island.
Oh he's gonna come running.
I'll stop with the list now.
The alphabet isn't big enough anyway.
The jokes are indeed that bad.
Emmerich did do one thing,though.
And i've no idea if it was intentional.
He made me sympathize with godzilla.
A bug's life,"has one thing going for it.
Some of these excursions were fun.
Tommy is really working with the cia.
It all sounds very cool.
Trust me,it isn't.
Van damme to give up his day job.
Does she make a beeline for the front door.
This female revenge fantasy,vivica a.
Carey seems to be embarrassed on-screen.
Perhaps one of the reasons ms.
Now lou is senile and deteriorating rapidly.
Both are slow to show concern.
Bernard for eve to care for.
Also,the spaces they inhabit seem artificial.
It is crap through and through.
The hockey team from hell.
That's all traditional comic book stuff.
Freeze hand to hand.
I could go on and on.
Note to warner bros.
Because it could actually get worse than this.
Claw,the inspector's arch nemesis.
I was just glad that it was over.
Avoid at all costs.
Suicide is pointless,everyone should know that.
So what's this movie like.
Well as committing suicide.
Is that supposed to be amusing in some way.
Well since eddie and the cruisers.
All we really know is that mrs.
What mother doesn't.
It's certainly no reason to commit suicide.
So attention film directors.
Luc consoles jim with woody's assistance.
A strange noise emanates from the rock.
And if so,what is its relationship with us.
Now for the bad news.
Subtlety is non-existent here.
The pacing of the film is very leisurely.
They encounter another ship.
Alien spiders attack them.
They return to their ship.
The other one explodes.
They land on a deserted planet.
I don't think so.
Peeks of sunshine are few and far between.
No wonder the characters are all so miserable.
Then charlie re-enters the mix.
So who,if anyone,will claudia end up with.
They should know the ending as well as we do.
Get carter"falls into that category of.
He believes his brother.
I've got to admit it.
I'm a huge jim carrey fan.
And not a particularly good one at that.
I haven't the foggiest.
They flirt and exchange obvious double entendres.
Newton bats her eyes flirtatiously.
Cruise grins a little too slyly.
It isn't done any differently here.
I'll give it the benefit of the doubt,though.
The plot was boring and contrived to the extreme.
Of course,jane is hot on her ape man's heals.
Sound like a dumb explanation of the plot.
The acting is just plain awful.
Then we have the special effects.
Special effects in a tarzan movie.
You are no doubt asking yourself.
It almost looked like they had run out of money.
Stay far away from this version of tarzan.
What on earth is he doing in this.
Best performance comes from william s.
The soundtrack is wonderful to listen to.
So why wouldn't the movie be wonderful to see.
They fall in love and eventually marry.
Sounds pretty good,doesn't it.
Eva duarte was a wonderful lady.
I am not a big fan of musicals on the big screen.
And you're right.
Even the special effects seem rather bland.
The story in this new one is a mindless mess.
Pm is one long headache.
Soon after the book was written,hunter s.
It was written and edited by hunter s.
Thomspons,relatively sober,at his home.
He docks at a small floating village of sorts.
How are these things powered.
It doesn't make any sense.
I just hope they don't make a sequel.
Worse,there's the promise of a sequel.
Some films go quickly to video.
Most of humanity(called.
But first,we need a few more supplies.
Ron hubbard,the religion's late founder.
Could that be the scientology message.
You can't have any of this.
Compelling,but ultimately not.
Contains nudity and graphic violence.
Ice from the sun has been released on vhs by www.
Welcome to`ready to rumble.
Ladies and gentlemen,i weep for society.
By day,they transport raw sewage.
By night(particularly on.
But the violence is too excessive.
Oliver platt as a champion wrestling figure.
Wcw fans are sure to appreciate these.
Now there's a low blow for you.
But you can never judge a movie by its cast.
Unfortunately,it is also incredibly stupid.
This opening sequence is very boring and slow.
It shows joe walking to his office.
It is obvious that joe hates his job.
Joe leaves to go to a doctor's appointment.
This means that in a few months,he will die.
So what does joe do.
Quit his job,of course.
She is also,surprise,meg ryan.
Except she looks more hippyish.
And that the"brain cloud"thing was made up.
Joe goes fishing and catches a hammerhead shark.
One night there is a storm.
By pure luck,they get to the island.
Now this is where the movie should end.
I give this movie a.
I haven't made love in five years.
Neither have i,"rebuts perry.
Instead,its failings go much deeper.
Jack nicholson and martin short.
It certainly doesn't have to be funny.
Hypothetically,i mean.
Williams is a brilliant comic actor.
Those times,he's not bad.
Flubber"'s probably second.
What do they need to do.
Perhaps create something new.
Much carnage ensues.
It just swoops down and kills him with its wheel.
The dialogue is even more atrocious.
This was one of many glaring inconsistencies.
In fact,in contains none.
Especially leatherface.
Check out the far superior original instead.
The conclusion is more ludicrous than convincing.
Played with atypical restraint by r.
Maybe he just wanted to piss me off.
If so,he was successful.
It's a suspense film with no suspense.
The doctor responsible for all this,dr.
The acting is largely a waste of talent.
Bruce greenwood is shamelessly wasted.
Written by david j.
And the crow proves no exception.
She dies,the perps.
The cast is better than it should be.
There can be only one.
So too is jennifer love hewitt.
Nothing else here is original or interesting.
You get the picture.
And what is the deal with the slasher himself.
What a depressing thought.
It would be derisive.
It would be dismissive.
It would be entirely accurate.
Whaley have all done good work in the past.
The garbage known as"snuff"films.
So,why make it,hollywood.
It's not easy to watch.
Let me backtrack for a moment.
Skip ahead,skip ahead,skip ahead.
This film doesn't draw you in.
However,gratuitous is joel's middle name.
He doesn't leave much to the imagination.
Who do we root for in this mess.
Is there anybody out there.
It's not all the director's fault,though.
Why did the actors sign up for this.
And what is james gandolfini doing in this trash.
Or they're suckers.
Or they just don't care.
Such a technical error indeed stands out.
There's not much action here.
Is that a positive.
This film serves no purpose.
She moves her eyes,or her mouth,far too much.
Maybe that's the point.
Buck henry plays an uninteresting shrink.
Christopher lloyd plays an uninteresting caterer.
To give you an idea,a.
You'd probably just said`the music.
Even=that's not worth it.
Ah,but there is dunaway's performance.
Phil(radmar jao)has a hairy problem.
The picture is filled with stereotypes.
He succeeds once again.
Critique:this film is not a comedy.
Now on to my review.
This kept me interested in watching him at least.
Other than that,drab,drab,drab and drab.
This film's your bag.
Now there's a great shrink movie.
She was known as one joann witty back then.
She's originally from jersey.
Kasdan also played the part of dr.
Mel:"i want my money.
Anonymous villain:"no.
Anonymous villain dies.
Mel meets up with his hooker friend(bello.
Second verse,same as the first.
The movie lacks danger.
But transcends neither.
Why did i go to see mortal kombat:annihilation.
How do we know this is where she went.
There's a lot of major flipping action,too.
Do they collide in mid-air.
Why did they need those metal balls to travel.
It seems that's all there is in this movie.
As i had mentioned,the acting is bad.
No,really,you do.
Hey,just like the video game.
Casting is a large part of the problem.
The story all but collap-ses around ms.
No terror,no tension;nothing.
I daresay that even ms.
And she does have a great chop.
Were the rest of the film that subdued.
Hysterically funny,actually.
The storytelling lacks focus,to say the least.
The politics of the film are scary.
And r-rated,despite its goofy premise.
What's your favorite new york moment.
This one's climbing the charts.
Directed by peter chelsom.
In rare cases,the genders are flipped.
Predictability is a given.
Lightweight"doesn't begin to describe it.
This is like anti-gravity.
Jonathan falls hard,and sara is charmed.
Both realize they aren't content.
Both go looking for the other.
I'm not buying it.
Instead of"will they meet.
City of angels,then,is a paradox.
If you have never seen it.
Being a fan of highlander and mr.
I wish it had been quicker.
Connery is on the screen for)is worth watching.
Maybe they could pull it off.
No more assassins are sent.
Has he no more assassins.
Why was the rebellion crushed so easily then.
So much for plot and characters.
The music is atrocious.
It is at best intrusive and at worst annoying.
There was an audible sigh(of relief.
When connor played a queen track in a juke box.
The acting is at best flat,except for mr.
Visually the film is interesting at all times.
This disappointed me greatly.
At the bar,he runs into two more girls.
Kate hudson is a huge klutz.
Mohr wasn't good,but he wasn't bad.
Is there any moral story.
For at least a few more years.
What were you and lawrence kasdan thinking.
Yet it is a ridiculous movie.
But"mailheart"the postman is not.
What a brown movie.
Why is it only*they*have ammunition,anyway.
Why cast will patton as the bad guy.
Because you worked with him in no way out.
Was tom petty supposed to be playing tom petty.
If so,why didn't he look more skeletal.
Why,oh why,do i have so many questions.
I could ask plenty more.
The things i like about my ass.
Ultimately,i'm saying relax.
Feel free to write back.
I know how much you like letters.
I seem to have glued myself.
Have i missed anyone.
So,obviously,not much has changed.
Here,everything has been cheapened.
Not so much anymore,but.
I'll be the first to admit it.
I'll gonna tell it the way i remember it.
And then the plot moves on.
Enter miss havisham.
Dinsmoor here(anne bancroft.
You damn dirty apes.
Several times in succession.
He'd convert to creationism on the spot.
Why an oil driller.
In one unintentionally.
So why did they bring him up there to begin with.
Rather,why write him into the film.
Armageddon is not as terrible movie as godzilla.
It has a vivid soundmix.
Remember a little film called jaws.
Corky romano is one of those throwaway,clich.
Predictably,hijinks ensue.
And not a good sitcom,i mean.
But it's not a complete disaster.
You can simply reply,"who cares.
Loving on the ladies.
But of course he makes a play for her.
Is capable of having a thought of his own.
Don't answer that.
When she's on screen,the time flies by.
Hollywood is either about to eat her alive.
Either way,good luck,jessica.
Or maybe it's a romance,eh.
Fern's rise to popularity is equally lame.
William katt and p.
It does not lack ambition.
That day dutifully presents all the clich.
The film never redeems these clich.
Seen now,it does not seem provocative.
Think about it for a second.
If anyone working on this movie had an i.
First of all,i guess,is the setting.
After all,it is in the script.
Way to go,jeffrey.
This is your dream come true.
Doors slam shut by themselves.
Glass globes blow up.
A popular boy unexpectedly asks her out.
Any of this sound familiar.
There are a couple of minor plot differences.
Blink and you'll miss it.
As for the rest of the cast,it's a mixed bag.
Where exactly does all this go.
That is most certainly the case here.
The real blonde is not without some amusements.
Or,"how does it feel to be a snowman.
I have always liked kelly preston.
No,i da snowman,"replies jack.
The real mccoy is both.
She soon bumps into j.
Karen's initial encounter with j.
There is no tension in the scene,just tedium.
But i'm pretty good at resisting temptation.
A little imagination goes a long way.
Big deal,we've seen it all before.
You know what happens then.
Nothing,zip,nada.
Okay,here's another one.
Salinger novel"the catcher in the rye.
Jerry also has a bunch of copies.
The point becomes totally extraneous.
Jonas who may or may not be a bad guy.
Okay,here's my theory.
It's enough to melt the most callous heart.
She is only half right.
Peter medak,the director,knows his business.
Natasha is an exquisite ornament.
Michael madsen was there.
It seemed like the perfect concept.
Jim carrey's signed on too.
It's not for lack of trying.
Think charlie and irene will fall in love.
Hopefully they won't include wesley snipes.
Wheedon(brad dourif.
As a result,his senses are magnified tenfold.
The bachelor is love among the mannequins.
Only to make up and hug in the end.
And i'm being nice.
I'm gonna cry again.
This film is a mess.
Neither one convinced in"emotional"scenes.
That'll teach'em to mess with you.
Oh and incidentally,mrs.
Maybe you'll like it.
I have a confession.
This was a long-awaited treat.
It's a deal i wasn't willing to accept.
A bold political statement.
Several people with no moral compass.
And by accident look what happened.
There should be some element of satire.
The satire is missing here.
I did not find myself laughing here either.
What we have is a strange crime tale.
There are several logical holes in script.
Some acting of grief is hammy and overdone.
More yelling than humor.
What hath kevin williamson wrought.
Fisherman,sans the hook.
I was far from a fan of bland_i_know.
Granted,the cast is hampered by their material.
You can guess what happens to mr.
Hint:it sounds like splat.
The rest of the film is just more of the same.
The script is virtually devoid of wit.
Jerry lewis cameos.
Just how long*can*they keep a straight face.
Nor are any of the performances memorable.
And that is its only saving grace.
But epps-poor epps.
Plot hardly escapes confusing convention.
The story is very minimal and basic.
Sounds great huh,well it's not.
Now what didn't work in this movie.
That would be the rest of it.
It's not funny;it's pathetic and brainless.
I watch it at home and laugh.
The movie was too dim-witted to be funny.
At least he has a hot wife in courtney cox.
It's utterly ridiculous.
Oh and the girls are hotter.
Don't waste your money.
This movie was boring,slow,boring,and slow.
They cannot have it both ways.
I now pronounce you husband and wife.
Oh,the script was written by two men.
The movie is torture to sit through.
The scenery is boring.
Can you say poor editing.
Everyone looks ugly in this movie.
Kevin costner has never looked worse.
Dennis quaid is marvelous.
Gene hackman is very good.
Is he in the credits.
I don't remember seeing his name.
Annabeth gish is good as wyatt's first wife.
She looks great but her dialogue sucks.
She also seems way to young for costner.
The last action hero was better that this.
Go see maverick if you want to see a western.
Bullets for dennis quaid's performance only.
And what's with the dreary lighting.
And those were just chuckles at the most.
Wayne lefessier(steven zahn),j.
To try and begin saving silverman.
One of my brother's favorite movies is h.
The weak script is a waste of a talented cast.
Steve martin is one of the funniest men alive.
You won't find any of them here.
Mchale's navy"'s granddaddy.
There is not one laugh in the film.
Everything is just too clean.
Martin's bilko is a pale imitation.
The law firm's employees get a good chuckle.
The audience gets a good chuckle.
But he does not alert the authorities.
He somehow empathizes with her sense of loss.
How bad is this movie.
Still haven't got the point.
This movie stinks out loud.
Quite frankly,this movie deserves a.
So i'm giving it a.
And maybe that is too generous.
So what is this movie about.
Like it really matters.
Then we have the cast.
Dolly reed plays kelly,the leader of the band.
Sadly,her ass is almost as large as her chest.
On the up side,she does have a fun lesbo scene.
Proceed with extreme caution.
Ridden formula film.
Welcome to my review of the general's daughter.
Critique:by the numbers(see above.
This film is just there.
It's like riding a bike.
Yeah,whatever tony.
Next subject,please.
You'll feel much better afterwards.
He sure did put me in my place.
Flash-forward a year.
Much carnage ensues.
More carnage ensues.
Yet more carnage ensues.
There are many problems with starship troopers.
Finally,the fake"ads"become a nuisance.
So what about those battle scenes.
But this is my problem.
Over time,the people have taken to themselves.
Technically,this film is a nightmare.
In addition,the pace of the film seems uneven.
There was,however,potential for this film.
A friend invites you to a movie.
But,poor moviegoer,you have been conned.
Your hope has sunk.
Why was this movie made.
Why was it released.
What is the point of this.
Does it make any sense.
Is it supposed to be funny.
When birdy almost loses her job.
Who can survive such a debacle.
Gena rowlands is the best part of the film.
This is a very bad sign.
At least viggo mortensen(g.
Steve martin shines but sgt.
Still,steve martin's sgt.
Bilko would have just fell flat on its face.
I'm sure there are better ones around.
Sadly,that did not occur.
Mortensen(who i liked in"g.
Van sant has made a boring film.
Definitely not hitchcock's intention.
But john,it just wasn't scary.
Werewolf bites boy(david naughton.
I know it sounds strange,but it actually works.
I thought:it's about these two cops.
And they're buddies,sort of.
And the bad guy is a drug lord.
I only missed the bit about the badges.
The rest i got dead-on.
And i hadn't even left the video store yet.
Not funny;tiresome.
Movies like this are not about originality.
I could write this movie.
You could write this movie.
More the fools we all.
The same could be said about this movie.
In the second,he was avenging his daughter.
However,the hand of a veteran director j.
Decisions,decisions.
Test went straight off the chart.
And attracts electrical power.
From noraruth@aol.
Reviews path:nntphub.
Not-for-mail from:noraruth@aol.
Com(andrew hicks)newsgroups:rec.
Current-films,rec.
Decisions,decisions.
Test went straight off the chart.
And attracts electrical power.
Cindy crawford isn't black,is she.
Billy baldwin(or is it stephen.
And it's all completely predictable.
The plot isn't really explained until the end.
That_i find very easy to believe.
It's just not funny.
Or was it jack lord's body.
I'm filing a lawsuit against you.
Annie is a happy woman.
At least that movie had a sense of spontaneity.
Well,this explanation didn't come easy.
Life is pain,highness.
Gender be damned,she's borderline inept.
Her character is also named ana.
In this summer cottage,ana.
Will mommy fall asleep at the wheel.
What's more,she might even like it.
Fat girl is a bitter pill indeed.
Dad couldn't listen.
So it is with paulie.
I like long stories.
It's a long story,"says paulie.
It's the only kind he knows,"reflects misha.
And as a revenge movie,it is a crushing bore.
That sure is revealing information.
For example,the two gym teachers,mrs.
Director bob clark is not a bad director.
As well as real-life acting tim allen movies.
You know the drill.
There's the man vs.
Plotting joe's demise.
As a tyke,joe acts just like e.
Em like they used to.
It promised to be something unusual.
Respectively)cheer her on.
Cut to one year later.
Not that the movie was without pleasure.
Some people,however,keep their clothes on.
That's why this review will be short.
There is no story,script,point or acting.
Only naked bodies,which is exactly the point.
No one is twisting nomi's arm.
No one is holding her grandmother hostage.
She wants to do this.
So what's the problem then.
What's the point.
What's the film about.
It is a total waste of time and money.
I see that you're hiding"-"from what.
It's a strange phenomena.
It's not erotic,because it lacks sensuality.
Not dramatic,because it lacks the acting.
And not intelligent because it lacks a story.
You want to see naked women.
It's nothing wrong with that.
But those intentions are about to change.
You see,martha lives by manipulation.
She's the only one in the film who could act.
And the kid actors are great,as well.
But we're talking about the script from hell.
There's no way they'll do that.
I found it deplorable.
The film is filled with scenes like these.
I,however,can't get past these elements.
The rest of the crew exhibit a bland affability.
I should say,mcconnell goes about solving them.
Mission to mars does both.
I felt no such earnestness.
He chooses now to go clean and suffer through dt.
How do they fix that.
It comes out of nowhere and just makes no sense.
There's no"world reaction"to anything.
Most documentaries tend to overlook this.
Well,our film is like that.
Not by a long shot.
Press junkets are a haven for control freaks.
The atmosphere is one of cordial oppression.
So what about the cast.
As a romance,it is at best a minor pleasure.
Such a good cast,such a waste of their efforts.
Do the folks at disney have no common decency.
Magoo enough,people.
In the cartoon,dr.
As a child,i always imagined what dr.
He does still have his cat,though.
In the title role,matthew broderick looks lost.
And so is born inspector gadget.
There are so many tired plot additions.
Gadget's talking car(voiced by d.
The problem here lies solely in the script.
Here is one critic crossing his fingers,anyway.
In this film,they are no where to be found.
Two men are asked to stop this threat.
Now touch my breast,"west says.
Gordon does so and then softly coos his approval.
Here's an example.
He must endear himself to the crowd to escape.
Will smith,do your own thing.
The story is told from harry's point of view.
Can he get out of this mess.
Well,it must have to the producers of junior.
Anything would have been better than this mess.
Danny devito is wasted in this movie.
Emma thompson is wasted here as well.
Am i being too hard on this film.
I don't think so.
They certainly managed here.
Unfortunately,there are no laughs.
Well i guess it's that time of the year again.
This is not entirely a bad thing,of course.
What am i talking about.
Review's rating system:*wait for the video.
Pretty good,bring a friend.
Amazing,potent stuff.
The"police squad.
Television series,top secret.
Three naked gun films,and two hot shots.
Bus bound for a speed bump,but did mr.
T,hulk hogan,and dr.
Adolescent males might enjoy this mess,tho.
You won't miss a thing.
He probably should have.
There are drugs being dealt in the school itself.
Is none other than.
So shale does what any good teacher would do.
Otherwise,wait for video.
Pretty good,bring a friend.
Amazing,potent stuff.
The villains,as many as there are,are dull.
Certain story elements are too coincidental.
Is extremely silly.
You get the picture.
Then it goes nowhere with that idea.
Even in this aspect the film is a disappointment.
However,he fails to repeat that in this film.
It's almost a guarantee.
And doesn't help to add anything to the film.
But this is only one of money train's problems.
The film isn't all bad though.
If there was a point to the film,i missed it.
He should have stuck to acting in this film.
In this film,they just made me more confused.
Other than that,though,nothing much happens.
This is there strictly for the kids.
Brainard's flying robot weebo.
Now,weebo is a totally different story.
It's a robot that prof.
The acting by robin williams(prof.
Scary spice(melanie brown,or mel b.
Most of the film is very blas.
Other key actors include richard e.
Probably nothing,and so it is.
Perhaps the group is nothing more than a gimmick.
You might be saying,"a spice girls movie.
That's fair enough.
The chance to succeed.
Children fail,as do films.
As does director john boorman's latest.
She's a lightweight.
As the first scene(with narration.
Why he chose arquette remains a mystery,though.
Also odd is the obvious dubbing.
Twilight zone"theme,or opinion of movie.
Nevertheless,i will try.
Still,then they vanish just as quickly.
The television show never gives us any answers.
Will the movie actually explain some things.
Is the movie any good.
However,i rather liked that about the series.
Cinema,on the other hand,is the opposite.
It projects onto us the filmmakers mind.
The following was printed in the st.
John's express,st.
John's,newfoundland,canada.
Nbsp;movie review by mikel j.
Nbsp;nevertheless,i will try.
Nbsp;is the movie any good.
Nbsp;it projects onto us the filmmakers mind.
Some of them aren't even good.
Thank god for the fast forward button.
The acting,however,isn't bad at all.
But"french twist"is just pretty lame.
It grows tiresome and monotonous.
Yes,stone has pulled a brian depalma.
I guess he is mistaken.
And a very distant back seat,at that.
Now,that's a smart kid.
The film ends as this angel.
Tells him his grandfather is all right.
Maybe that's for another film down the road.
Well,god bless him,if he can do that.
Is it as bad as advertised.
Oh yes,very much so.
The plot is incomprehensible.
The acting is atrocious.
The special effects are mediocre.
The action is dull.
The implausibilities are legion.
The dialogue is cringe-inducing.
Of course,his plan doesn't work.
Ron hubbard's sci-fi novel.
The movie did nothing to stem such remarks.
Fwahahahahahahahaha.
No wonder this guy never got his promotion.
Bring a scorecard to track the plot holes.
Are these things really so hard to construct.
This movie is an absolute headache.
There's only one thing wayne and j.
Because thats all that there really is.
I am not saying that this isn't possible.
But it does leave one to wonder.
There was one scene that should have been short.
Ok enough already get on with it.
This movie is also very predictable.
It gets boring at times to tell you the truth.
Even though there is still action going on.
Another thing is the destruction scenes.
Wow,those were masterpieces.
Certainly she had to endure a miserable life.
I felt trapped in the theater watching it.
The film is in spanish with english subtitles.
This is a dreadful motion picture.
One incredible good reason.
His name is frank langella.
Masters of the universe.
I remember loving it when i was eleven.
At twenty one it's difficult to see why.
Sadly,though,my fears were realized.
These early scenes were interesting.
It all seemed so excessive.
What do they do that warrants a movie.
Talk about beating a dead horse.
The new kid,alex pruitt,is played by alex d.
These are far worse.
It's one thing to see wyle e.
And for the most part they're messing it up.
None of these successfully capture the originals.
None of these are even good films.
You can now add"the avengers"to the list.
Now we're in the nineties.
That's about as much of a plot as we have.
We get betrayal for some unknown reason.
At least in some scenes.
Macnee makes an appearance of sorts.
The storyline jumps rather than flows.
Reportedly the film was re-cut several times.
Other than that,the effects are second-rate.
Fiennes fares even less well.
The action scenes are difficult to follow.
It doesn't get any better.
The release date was changed several times.
Connery refuses to promote the film.
My guess is that it would be severely dated now.
Dune is also a very serous film.
See it in the widescreen format if you can.
Except comedy never does happen.
Sadly,most of their lines are pretty dumb.
Murphy has done much better movies(i.
What is the point of this.
Stars in the film as christopher blair.
Wing commander was a huge mistake for freddie.
The acting is horrible in wing commander.
The special effects are very unrealistic.
The explosions look very unrealistic as well.
This is very unrealistic.
It's not much fun to watch at all.
Buckaroo banzai,peter weller.
Cannell television pilot.
Ginter)to eliminate the security hazard.
And that's where art jeffries comes in.
Why bother trying to kill the kid.
I mean,who would know.
He's already proven that mercury can be broken.
Willis and baldwin are just overplaying to type.
This film wasn't well thought out at all.
Get some perspective.
Even dumb movies can do that for me,sometimes.
Based on the novel by scientology guru l.
When were we conquered.
They grunt and groan and babble about monsters.
Why did the psychlos leave jets around anyway.
Why aren't they"dog animals.
Why do i even care at this point.
Ooooo,scary villain.
Folks,save your cash.
That,and a headache.
I'm not sure why.
Critique:three words:not enough action.
And a romance angle.
So,are we all going to die.
S dark and ugly cinematography.
Onboard are guards tom and his uncle charlie.
And this includes keanu reeves.
What do i hate about seagal.
But the guy makes worse films than reagan did.
So what's the plot of this shit-terpiece.
And forsythe more than once threatens his family.
But he's just awful here.
It's so stupid that it's boring.
There is a lot of fighting and lots of gore.
This has not always been carpenter's style.
These vampires do not maintain a low profile.
There are arguably logical flaws in the film.
Perhaps i will read the book.
Don't believe the hype.
This isn't simply virtual reality.
This is real life with a deadly twist.
They make your life fun,"conrad tells him.
Don't believe the hype.
Well,how about sharon stone.
There is no suspense here.
Trust me,i looked hard to find some.
He is charged by his paranoia.
He is looking at the world through new eyes.
I wanted to like this film more than i did.
Asks one infantrymen in the group of eight.
Or some variant thereof.
Not in these times.
It's all hokum and nonsense,of course.
But the filmmakers play it straight.
He must also be proficient in the martial arts.
Wesley snipes is buff as blade.
They are more farcical than frightful.
Hav plenty's story doesn't go anywhere.
Let's get someone else to do it.
I suppose honor is dead in hollywood.
I miss originality in film,i really do.
This idea is completely stretched out.
Maybe i'm being too hard on the movie.
That's why we're allowed to root for him.
But he's wrong here.
Really,i don't care.
The anti-shark repellant.
Is batman and robin supposed to be campy.
In the least inventive way.
His batman is hardly an imposing figure.
The film's one saving grace.
At",of course,is the operative word.
Consider such curiosities.
Even the worst shatner and co.
Need a cheap laugh.
His celebrated film`total recall'was.
The battles were all the same.
Jumping around,shoot or get stabbed.
That's about as complex as it gets.
He's my fifth nom for a razzie.
Naturally,they win,or sort of half-win.
Is one of jerry's conjectures correct.
The highest wattage of the summer,perhaps.
Let's see,other pleasures include.
And here i thought it was wabbit season.
Good god,who rewrites these movies.
And do they arrive in nondescript black vehicles.
No problem,though.
Things go wrong,of course.
Avoid this nonsense and go see"l.
Confidential"instead.
Hummana-hummana-hummana.
I felt kinda depressed while watching this movie.
Why have this shite in the movie at all.
Where's joblo coming from.
The credits show us the origin of godzilla.
Sounds like an enquirer headline,doesn't it.
When he discovers the telltale radar blip.
Broderick is invaluable to the government.
It's dog eat dog.
You can guess what happens next.
Mayor ebert is not pleased.
Broderick:that's a lot of fish.
What have i become.
Now on to my review of chill factor.
Most probably the latter.
Have you seen either fled or bulletproof.
Not too conspicuous,eh.
Show cuba the money,everybody.
Actor cuba gooding jr.
Was born in the bronx,new york.
At least in the movies anyway.
So she decides to exact a little bit of revenge.
Never a good thing for a horror film.
For that matter,they were almost nonexistent.
They'll make you frown in disbelief.
But she's not enough to save the picture.
But it's too little too late.
Oh i certainly hope not.
In fact,they were wrong.
Flubber,and now mr.
The first problem with mr.
Magoo is the script.
Magoo is comically barren.
Magoo appears to bore viewers of all ages.
There are three good things about lost and found.
The first is spade.
This kind of physical humor is dead.
This is where i start to get fuzzy.
Anyway,that's just a side point.
From then the action ensues.
All in all,this is not a well done movie.
Tango&cash is unbearably noisy.
Well,you get the idea.
It might have been a satisfying action film.
There isn't much good about this movie.
Will everyone in the town turn against the coach.
Will the team win the climactic game.
Do cats bathe themselves regularly.
They have a beautiful house in suburbia.
This is a couple that has it all.
Into this eden slithers the lure of lust.
Jade,at one point was a college student,too.
Jasmine is bland and subservient.
As it stands,trois is pretty standard fare.
Great design,good intentions,but no cigar.
That's just unforgiveable.
Then there's"caligula.
So he kills him and ascends to the throne.
And that they killed people so disgustingly.
It's like a dream without any appeal.
You'd think phillipe.
The answer is a resounding no.
It's not that macdonald isn't a funny guy.
Guess they're anatomically correct.
Using as many methods of murder as they could.
And everything suffers.
A premise does exist in the movie.
Unfortunately,no one saves the movie.
Either way look out america bean is coming.
I have to concede that mr.
Atkinson's acting in this movie is well done.
You can see its plot developing from a mile away.
This is done without her knowledge.
Brit love story in the offing.
Personally,give me those cheap laughs any day.
If you figure that one out,let me know.
Pretty good,bring a friend.
Amazing,potent stuff.
In jail,things look bad for him.
And this worked for him.
Well,i'm sorry,but nothing.
Nothing is not more.
It's nothiiiiiinggggggggggg.
There must be some other reason.
And argue with each other.
Oh yeah,and some goo on one of their backpacks.
They want this film to be good.
This film could have been so much better.
She was sold on this film.
Are we supposed to be scared by this.
Use their imagination and create a good movie.
An entity called the blair witch.
Some rednecks fucking with these kids.
But you have to do something.
Minor quibble there.
But,if they don't,then thats fine.
If it works for them then that's okay i guess.
This movie is the scariest movie of all time.
Man,do you know how scary it would be to die.
Now this is the scariest movie of all time.
Terror train takes place on(where else.
I forgot to mention the prologue.
Oh my god,they killed kenny.
Is such a shock,such a delight.
And it borders on clich.
Moviegoing experience.
This is a promising premise,and mr.
But these are the least of billy's problems.
Oldman got it about half right.
I didn't see the first film until much later.
Don't get me wrong though.
And the film's original theatrical trailer.
However you can only access one easily.
Finding it though is both a chore and a bore.
Alas,these are only hints.
End of days"is a major stinker.
He acts like one would expect the devil to act.
Variety)are feeble at best.
It's convoluted and silly at the same time.
Is he impervious to only one kind of bullet.
How come he can't control jericho or christine.
There are several predictable horror film clich.
Their predictions will rarely be wrong.
To hell with reasons.
Let's just blow stuff up.
Nope,not by a long shot.
This film is thoroughly unwatchable.
Stephen,please post if appropriate.
It's a tough genre to parody.
A gunman shoots him several times.
So much for the script.
How about the action.
He later decks a reindeer.
There really isn't much of a story here.
And the special effects are great.
Then we have the set.
What part did these rooms play in the story.
Then we have the actors.
Lili taylor has never been one of my favorites.
I have no idea why liam neeson took this role.
Fortunately that is something she does very well.
If it's scares you want,rent halloween.
And all the sets look like.
There is also absolutely no arc to this story.
Now isn't that odd.
I am a steven seagal fan.
He's also put on quite a lot of weight.
It's the other changes that disappoint.
From television's"in living colour.
Is that a lot to ask of the seague.
We got to know him.
I'll try,but it won't be easy.
Pretty good,bring a friend.
Amazing,potent stuff.
Mufti spelenetik is still a steven seagal fan.
Everybody makes mistakes once in awhile.
That's basically the entire plot.
It belongs back on the shelf.
I shift uncomfortably in my seat.
Do any of these names make you instantly shudder.
What planet are you from.
It isn't funny the first time.
It isn't funny the eighth time.
It isn't funny the eighteenth time.
What a magnificent bastard.
Cuz ya see,it turns out she wants a baby too.
What's the message i derive from all this.
Well,maybe something will click.
You think killing is hard.
And let that person run wild with the camera.
Watch out for those bad blue-screens.
Apparently,just their wardrobes.
Unless you saw"blown away.
His credo is killing bad people,not innocents.
And that's why he makes big bombs.
I chuckled incessantly,all the way home.
Yeah,dude,pretty good deal eh.
But not the script.
Will they never take this watch off.
And what if they forget it by their bedside.
Gee,why not member t-shirts.
They are given official skull paddles.
Facing the opposite way means a disagreement.
Accomplished actors like craig t.
The thrills and action are lazy and mechanical.
We've seen it all before,and better.
Boneheaded'seems just too generous.
Bats is this year's camp flick.
As for the rest of us,well.
Why has he done this,you ask.
All we know is that bats are attacking.
It does have a tremendous amount of camp value.
More power to them.
Anyway,the pink stuff has a taste for humans.
The more people it absorbs,the bigger it gets.
Not really,but that is how it seems.
Sadly,it doesn't work very well.
Although that isn't so hot either.
Jackson replies,"he had a spare.
And of course it turns out stone is mrs.
Or at least the prince.
They called it love.
And,strike three,it pairs mr.
I heard gilbert say d.
This one is more or less neither.
It's a cheech and chong movie.
But i don't want to be too hard on it.
It was written by david e.
Basically,"lake placid"is best undiscovered.
Implausible material,no less.
Everything seems dragged out,overplayed.
I had an epiphany today.
Chances are,there*is*truth in advertising.
I wish i'd seen it when it was halloween.
At least i would have been forgiving.
Hey,tis the season.
Y'know,that just sends chills down my spine.
Hint:blood and guts only work a few times.
Each was more predictable than the last.
Did i get spooked a few times.
I get really disturbed when there is no why.
The characters were incredibly flat and cliched.
Not to mention downright annoying.
And of course,all three gals are babes.
And famke jansen(sp.
Because she reminds me of the delectable brosnan.
All right,i concede.
There were a couple of things i enjoyed.
God,there is no hope.
These are things we all do,sometimes.
Alas,if it could only be that easy.
He gave them heart.
This is not the way to get any message across.
And you could just smell the disaster brewing.
Make me laugh again.
Only the latter is achieved.
The film takes itself all too seriously.
The film ends on a whimper.
And there are more problems besides its title.
We call it'modernization.
But there's more than acting to worry about.
And in the end it's nothing.
But c'est la vie.
I'll keep it short.
Hill's and mgm's actions were prudent.
The movie never bothers to explain.
I just remember that i didn't care.
The performances are hardly worth talking about.
That is the level of this's atrocity's humor.
The movie treats death as a joke.
Idle hands"is gruesome and morbid.
The time is not right for this type of movie.
And after it,i still can't.
Matthew modine,is,quite simply,terrible.
Bye bye love is a genuine shame.
Why the long,unfunny fight in the car park.
Well,no,actually.
For the definitive bowling comedy.
Pretty good,bring a friend.
Amazing,potent stuff.
Freeway is giving me second thoughts.
So what are they doing in this movie.
Because you keep making movies like this.
Bottom line--i'm still shaking my head.
Don't waste your time on this turkey.
How can a movie have guest stars.
Blade squad is dumb.
Blade squad is loud.
Blade squad is obnoxious.
Two,blade squad needs a new crew for the sound.
Finally,this is commercial television.
Make up a bunch of new bad words for the future.
This is one interesting movie.
His big question is:does it all pertain to him.
This is not a movie for answers.
That's what makes this movie stay on your mind.
The performances are all superb in hurlyburly.
It's a nasty world;it's a sexist world.
Where are the stories about women's world.
It's very talkative,intelligent and static.
It also means that you have to pay attention.
The gags are sporadically funny.
And it turns out he had very good reasons.
It needs characters for empathy value.
It needs a story and an emotional center.
There was not enough cleverness or variety.
Penis jokes work only so many times.
This leaves them at loose ends.
Jay has to be the comic.
The problem is that he is not sufficiently funny.
The previews for the movie are pretty good.
The residents of mystery love hockey.
Mystery's national fame has the town abuzz.
The mysterians see this as both good and bad.
One character actually was interesting.
Instead,roach and screenwriters david e.
Then adds"and hockey.
Myers is a comic character actor.
He's great as austin powers,dr.
Evil,or any of his scottish characters.
A bad guy who owns a wild animal=cliche.
Complaining about cliches=cliche.
So we always hear about cliches.
And if she refuses.
Who knows what he'll do to the kid.
The aforementioned cliches are brutally abundant.
Basinger is absolutely vacant.
I suppose i should mention val kilmer.
Yeah,that's right-he's in it.
And he got second billing.
This is definitely one to avoid,folks.
The real mccoy is anything but.
But no one has arrived yet.
But it didn't happen that way.
The film have few bright points,though.
The movie is lacking and most unsatisfying.
Not that there's anything wrong with scatology.
And this is why osmosis jones doesn't click.
And the jokes don't rise above that level.
The live action scenes are no better.
It lacks scope and depth.
In enemy of the state,that is exactly right.
Will this guy ever get a real role.
He has the bruce willis syndrome.
Enemy was one of the worst films of last year.
Somehow,quality can't overshadow quantity.
Which brings me to the best moment of the film.
Burnt money is the perfect festival film.
Or something like that.
Not much could have really happened though.
Burnt money is pointless.
The performances are bad.
God forbid it will ever get a distributor.
That title would be the confusing.
First,the house is great-looking.
The hill house is not eerie.
Ever heard of lili taylor.
The plot is terrible.
But,we get zilch for the other four.
Poor kyle(a meek looking jon favreau.
Doer'of the group.
But her talents are essentially wasted here.
Sadly,none of this came to pass.
And farley's classic humor is widespread,too.
Setting the main plot in motion,mrs.
Here is where the film took a wrong turn.
Hogget is accused of smuggling drugs.
Hogget's full cavity search at the airport.
Also,a beautifully anti-climactic ending.
So much for truth in advertising.
They're decipherer.
So there is a hokey ending.
He figures it out in about a minute.
Why a suicidal colonel.
You'll get the hang of this.
Inside a goddam pyramid.
So they went to egypt,right.
The script's terrible.
The special effects are okay,but nothing great.
The story's so weak that it's almost opaque.
Take the professional,for example.
The addiction is that movie.
Walken,sadly,does not appear in the blackout.
Matty's lady is played by french actress b.
No doubt,he was off chasing the dragon.
How's that for cryptic.
I can picture it now.
Yeah,you,ferrara.
He was in that scene.
Better luck next time,matt.
Making your first feature film ain't easy.
In the film's first scene.
But none of this ever really amounts to anything.
Do people actually do this.
If he actually gets that chance.
What have you done to the indians.
General crook(gene hackman),commander of u.
Together with young lt.
But more than anything else,the three whine.
Easely one of the worst films of the year.
The result is somewhat predictable.
Yes,you better believe it.
He is walking around n.
Just give me the address.
We've not seen him in a while.
This requires at least some acting skills.
As for schwarzenegger,he'll be back.
The rest simply doesn't work.
The kind who just won't die.
Bush referring to clinton.
This actually got applause.
Ahh,what a cynical time we live in.
Are you looking at me.
She queries,obviously haunted.
You've been warned.
But you probably won't listen,will you.
The script,by bayard johnson and j.
Comic books have better plots than this.
Billy zane is wooden as the hero.
This is not a good movie.
So far,so mediocre.
Celine is rich bitch;robert is a dullard.
Instead,the film just gives quirky a bad name.
I can accept failure.
Everyone fails at something.
But i can't accept not trying.
Take all the cute,harmless fun out of it.
And while you're at it make it borrr-ring.
At least we have chow yun-fat in the lead role.
Chow plays nick chen,a chinatown cop.
The plot itself never straightens out.
One too many,i'd imagine.
Unfortunately,most of these jokes fall flat.
Ben gets emotionally involved with alessa.
Capsule:a science fiction allegory.
Life there devolves and degenerates.
One apartment building still houses people.
Neighbor runs a small failing grocery store.
Allegory about callousness and selfishness.
Apartment is falling apart.
Wallpaper is separating from walls.
Plumbing is failing.
A lot of film seems to be used up.
Critique:completely idiotic.
Okay,so maybe i'm being a little too nice.
That's more like it.
And how,you may ask.
Well,it's simple really.
This thing stinks to high-heaven.
What a pile of dung.
This movie sucks the big one.
Well,it's supposed to be funny,see.
You get the picture.
Anyhoo,freddie prinze jr.
The rest of the model girls.
So why the three points out of ten,you may ask.
Well,it's simple really.
I mean,head over heels.
You've been warned,good people.
This is supposed to be funny.
Most films have some saving grace.
I am continually amazed at movies like this.
In short,this movie is a comedy without laughs.
Talk about deeply developed characters.
The leads could've been played samuel l.
I won't fault barry sonnenfeld either.
Kelley runs off and decides to leave town.
And takes off to boston with kelley.
Well trust me,you'll feel the same way.
But,as in life,nice guys finish last.
Who greenlit this project.
It is merely a waste of time,money and talent.
Last year it was the thin red line.
When rubin was only ten.
It's almost cruel.
It's formula stripped to the bare necessities.
You have your wrongly accused black man.
You have your melodramatic final courtroom scene.
But there's nothing else.
Brooding to himself.
Brooding to other inmates.
Brooding to lesra's canadian friends.
Brooding in letters.
I wanted something to happen.
How is that possible.
What a waste of a great performer.
Not only is it trite,it's boring.
Welcome to the club,scott kalvert.
Or the fairy godfather.
She can*float*now too.
What the hell is up with that damn crab.
And how could i refrain from making a pun.
Simply irresistible"is all too easy to resist.
Business rivals fall in love.
Female as mother-like figure guiding her.
The annoying,hysterical ex-girlfriends.
Unfortunately,my hopes were soon dashed.
The movie cuts again,this time to the present.
Wacky hijinks ensue.
This movie was awful.
Erica is the nature-loving wiccan.
Tristen is the weak and sympathetic woman.
Steven is the overbearing asshole.
Kim is the antisocial goth girl.
How do we know tristen is weak and sympathetic.
Because she's pregnant.
How do we know kim is an antisocial goth girl.
Because she wears a lot of eye makeup.
How do we know the local sheriff is a bad guy.
This is weak storytelling at its worst.
Let's get on a plane home.
The snowfall of manuscript paper.
I'm giving this stinker.
In mine,it's not.
He sends his goons to run the townsfolk out.
It's just too funny.
Golly,will the hilarity just never end.
Together,they save the day from evil.
Ok,he really didn't--but he should have.
Even if they are both gorgeous.
Or at least not all of it anyway.
If you have an answer,let me know.
Master p stars as fifty dollah'(beat that.
Not a hell of a lot.
He acts like the rapper that he is.
After getting slightly upset with his wife.
It's hard to speculate.
There's really not much to say.
The dialogue stinks.
Someone could have used an editor.
Why did i give this turkey two stars and not one.
You'll be looking at it for most of the movie.
They probably like wrestling too.
Remember the golden child,harlem nights.
Compared to life,they look like citizen kane.
But,like life,it will probably stink.
Life is as sophisticated as a belch.
It's crude and stereotypical.
Both sets of caricatures are demeaning.
And the fault does not rest with the actors.
They have to eat,too.
See it at your own risk.
And up go the lights.
He looks at another character.
I didn't know what to expect.
I still don't know how to react.
That wiped out the dinosaurs.
However,the film simply fails on that note.
She's still making good money though.
Plot holes,plot holes,plot holes.
Where's the logic.
Building caves was a strategy mentioned in`dr.
Now that is a more practical use for caves.
What is the point of living in caves.
There is no,unlike`dr.
How do plants grow.
This is not deep impact.
It's a frivolous cheap impact.
Romeo and juliet',and.
Private ryan'and.
Cast away"),and lawrence konner&mark d.
Rosenthal("mighty joe young.
He's sweet on ari.
Writing a screenplay for a thriller is hard.
Harder than pouring concrete under the texas sun.
Thrillers are all variations on a theme.
Is anyone else getting depressed here.
The jackal is trying to kill someone.
Gere is trying to stop him.
As for the performances.
It wasn't done here.
Do not go see this movie.
On screen,it's still paper thin.
Teenagers have a lot of power in hollywood.
Never been kissed is a mediocre film at best.
Suicide kings is a terrible film.
The plot is another issue entirely.
All in all,a horrible disappointment.
Yes,that is too true.
Well there goes another one.
As what would happen if sgt.
Gives us more--much more.
Now you listen to me,youngster.
I guess i'm just a little jealous.
You expect me to talk to you.
You're a man,aren't you.
Owens replies,"a male,sir.
Alas,mickey rourke,we hardly knew ye.
The good doctor then moves to sunny l.
Why'd it have to be snakes.
Color of night is the worst movie of the year.
Acting credits are across-the-board awful.
Here's what happens this time.
It's night at the white house.
How do we know he's a hotshot.
A very dangerous liaison.
Well,not really,i just wanted to say that.
How many times have we seen this storyline.
As for freddie prinze jr.
I don't think so.
She's all that"sucks.
That's what it boils down to.
That's unimportant.
The adults also don't fare well.
Kids are supposed to rally around this guy.
I wanted hardball to be good.
Jim carrey seems woefully miscast.
S and situations that are painfully predictable.
All for one and one for all.
Not this time'round.
And with good reason.
At this rate,usually-splendid actor mr.
They also sip a lot of tea.
At least it all looks good.
Stallone attempts to'act'in this cop drama.
This film should be brilliant.
However,it can't hold up.
In this film,serious means dull.
However,it's not all that bad.
As said above,the action scenes are well done.
Meanwhile,man has finally set foot on mars.
His intention is obviously world domination.
Do i recommend the movie.
Summer catch"certainly won't help his case.
And so they glide from one clich.
When lillard gives him an"are you insane.
Everybody in this film's thinking of alicia.
Walsh and lee garlington)go out to a party.
Somethine like that.
It even shows them in bed together.
Like we care about any of the characters.
But she is never explored further.
I just wanted to see the movie.
Reader,do not misunderstand.
I did not have an anti-hype reaction.
The hype was unavoidable.
Who are these jedi knights.
These were just some of my questions early on.
The phantom menace is no star wars film.
It's an embarrassment.
This is not what i wanted to see.
What was his life like before this film.
Well,i imagine he didn't have one.
That's why he feels like a plot device.
And then there's the question of magic.
And what about the ridiculous expectations.
It's here to stay.
Now,i'm a drunk)and is at a crossroads.
Jack is in even worse shape than harry.
He's dying of cancer with only a year to live.
By the time they show you,it doesn't matter.
The only reason for watching is the actors.
So why do i watch his crap.
Executive decision.
But this one has a special place in my heart.
Literally,of course.
I have no problem with violence.
He squints,he kills.
His big henchman,john c.
This of course doesn't mean its bad.
So what is good about the movie.
Well as i said there are a few amusing moments.
Gee,this is really short.
Not much to say about the film really.
It is just kind of there.
There's a new wrinkle,though.
And the special effects.
Remember the flying steam irons in hardware wars.
Gary busey is in this movie.
It is merely_there_
Are we doing what we want to be doing.
What happened to our dreams.
You should take time to smell the roses.
Selling your soul for cash is a bad idea.
I'm glad i saw the movie.
I never would have thought of these.
It doesn't happen.
There are hints of promise in this one.
The others are horrendous.
His relationship with kate makes no sense.
Which explains the film's mythic theme.
If i was only entertained by this.
I could have lived with it.
Universal soldier:the return is truly poor.
There are so many clich.
He cringes,looks down and mutters"uh.
He's just big momma without the makeup on.
William baldwin isn't a bad actor.
If it was the latter,it worked.
Well,i'm glad you asked that question.
By the end of the movie you won't care.
The story is so contrived it isn't funny.
Take a look at the following equation.
Bill murray plays frank cross,a t.
V executive with a horrible personality.
B he is,and he changes his way.
Who,thankfully,dosen't say much.
The script is horrendous.
There's some impressive make up effects also.
This fake passport drops to the ground.
Must not have been a good fake.
This emphasizes another fault with the film.
Things just defy common sense.
Don't fear the rush.
Watch something else.
If only kevin smith could write them all.
Over and over until he's booted off stage.
Everything about it annoyed the hell out of me.
The acting,and script,the plot,and ending.
The"surprise"ending was sooo predictable.
Bloody gang warfare ensues.
Bumpy faces many obstacles during his reign.
His new army questions his methods.
His girlfriend(vanessa l.
This movie is not original at all.
Gang extracts revenge on crooked cop.
High ranking"officer"betrays the leader.
Blood relative of the leader murdered.
War erupting between the"families.
Large meeting with all families involved.
The setup in this movie is done rather well.
Who was the screenwriter kidding here.
Directed by bill duke ellsworth bumpy johnson.
Lawrence fishburne dutch schultz.
Tim roth lucky luciano.
Andy garcia the queen.
Cicely tyson francine hughes.
Williams illinois gordon.
Then,everything ends happily.
It just completely fails altogether miserably.
Will be forgotten about.
I will just mention one final flaw.
Does he phone the doctor.
You have been warned,stay away from this one.
But that wasn't my only gripe.
Upham in_saving private ryan_
But it's too little too late.
And his motive for killing vampires.
John carpenter's vampires_is none of these.
His shtick was marked by crassness.
The rest of the story is just dead space.
Loveless(branagh,with a zany moustache.
There's also a pleasant soundtrack.
The'humour'in the film is also very off.
There's also problems with the plot.
What were they thinking.
Both characters are just there.
The eighties are shoved in our face.
They're not funny and it doesn't work.
Oh stinky movie,let me count thee ways.
Or something along those lines.
Critique:a complete and utter mess.
And that's just the first thirty minutes.
The film doesn't explain anything about itself.
What are they talking about.
Or were they in the present at that time.
Who seriously cares.
Yipes,the man is not aging gracefully,is he.
Overacting is not a hobby for this guy.
He's also very funny,not purposely though.
All in all,the movie stinks.
Boy,are these bats ugly.
The scientist is dr.
Casper is recycled beyond recognition.
In the role of deranged mad scientist dr.
I just want my money.
The bats are ugly,i must say.
And then says that it's all okay.
The answer for this film is no.
Bruce willis'star seems to be fading.
Alcohol and drugs=bad.
Not alcohol and drugs=good.
It is a classic cautionary tale.
A big,fat and expensive clich.
All you need to do is just say no",says dr.
And that's how simple it is.
So what's the point.
Or at least the lack of inspiration.
We have(where's my list.
What else is there.
The plot is a waste of time.
And that,to me,does not make a funny movie.
Why this is scary is never explained.
Call it suspension of disbelief.
Godzilla lives and dies on special effects alone.
Stargate was a financial success.
Independence day was a runaway hit.
Worst of all,godzilla isn't even exciting.
On hand to stop him is an elite u.
An incipient creature.
The first of its kind.
He could climb the empire state building.
Godzilla contains a few lame attempts at humor.
Godzilla is saddled with an unimpressive cast.
It may also be word-of-mouth-proof.
And filming the dialogue in voice over.
That rule doesn't apply here.
This is a film that takes itself seriously.
That is it's major fault.
Just look at the way they film him.
The result is a mess.
He tries very hard.
What does it represent.
Why do people do ugly things.
In a matter of days he will lose it all.
Her marriage is cold and unfulfilling.
The artist accepts and the movie is underway.
All style and no substance.
And there's really not much style.
Mortensen showed promise in the past.
Surprises are important.
And nothing ever does.
Nearly every event is telegraphed in advance.
It's a hopeless quest.
The story doesn't make much sense.
Steven's wife is loaded.
Virus"is a monster movie without a monster.
At least,i*think*that's what they do.
And the plot is right out of"aliens.
Finally,"virus"isn't scary.
When the kirbys(william h.
However the kirbys haven't given dr.
Grant their real agenda in"jurassic park iii.
He also pays a visit to old flame dr.
Udesky(michael jeter,"the gift.
Not pamela anderson lee.
Humanities quest for knowledge never ends.
So much for the first attempt to catch her.
One by one she goes after the others.
Mostly we don't see the act of devouring.
The animatronics are somewhat more believable.
But that didn't work for the strangling scenes.
Don't go see the movie for the f/x.
They are everything but up-to-date.
Where does the film go wrong.
It cannot be the acting.
The buildup of this scene took about ten minutes.
However,trying is simply not enough.
Everything this film is not.
Director clint eastwood obviously cannot.
Eating,breathing and excreting web sites.
That you get your best sex on the net.
Pretty good,bring a friend.
Amazing,potent stuff.
Death,sorrow,love,heartbreak,pain,joy.
We expect these events.
It's part of the human condition.
Politicians exaggerate their own importance.
Even if the original story doesn't merit one.
Even if the first film is complete in itself.
Even if success is a fluke.
The concept was brilliant.
The film itself was even more convincing.
The movie_must_be authentic.
The first film caught lightning in a bottle.
You have to give this effort some credit.
Unfortunately it doesn't work either.
Even weirder stuff happens.
The cast shows some early promise.
They're trapped in an old big weird house.
They stupidly separate into various rooms.
Ever see this movie.
And,that's what we get here-naught.
Who comes on to porter.
The story begins on the u.
Or is the bottom the top.
She simply turns the film into a pity party.
Her gift with casting proved to be her curse.
This is little more than a tv skit in movie form.
Written and directed by john w.
John the baptist sent to st.
John,newfoundland.
Gets an invitation to live with a family.
Script has a lot of holes.
I'm still trying to forget.
Brenda bradford(joely fisher.
Hughley)to save humanity from his wrath.
You ran a stop sign.
And she's right,it is that bad.
But who's counting.
How could this possibly be worst,"asks phil.
Meet the deedles runs about an hour and a half.
Chris columbus,the director who gave you"mrs.
Martin(sam neill)very curious.
What makes us human.
Is it possible to become human.
Further more,there are other annoying problems.
Columbus is the first to have crossed that line.
The world is simply frozen in time.
I am not saying that everything should change.
But it doesn't really matter.
Everything seemed possible.
Let us hope that next year's"a.
Will be more rewarding.
This is indeed a cold hearted man.
The characters have no logic.
His best performances are still on"e.
And even that relationship is very reserved.
Now he's just a spoiled kid.
Now,robin is suffering from ego deficiency.
This brings us to the villains.
The most rediculous scene is during mr.
Freeze's imprisonment.
Everything is set for maximum exposure.
Schumacher is a good director.
The film has no style of individuality.
This film is terrible.
He was quickly replaced by richard t.
It shows in the final product.
The rest of actors are most un-noteworthy.
For a comedy,the film is pretty humorless.
Not that it doesn't try.
To help out,the film is packed full of cameos.
But this film needs every one it can scrape up.
Yet,in the end,it doesn't really matter.
Boy was i in for a christmas dissapointment.
Read on to see what i have to say.
Key word here:"supposed.
The movie was just plain trash.
Marisa tomei appears in a stupid cameo role.
Anna then comes in and cries a bit.
This is an emotionless costume epic.
A good adventure plot that is sadly unused.
The actors and directing don't help,either.
None of it is smart.
Also,where the hell did the budget go.
Finally,the film has no idea what genre to be.
Levison can't handle his own plot.
It's not all that bad though.
Not really worth seeing.
Overall rating=review by david wilcock.
Do you think you know where this is headed.
I guess my memory really sucks.
Michael o'keefe plays said caddy.
Nothing about this movie works.
Both movies are on video.
Make the wise choice and pick the fugitive.
Nothing more,nothing less.
That would just be plain stupid.
Boy,what a great movie.
How could this not be a blockbuster.
All die-hard keanu reeves fans,read on.
Surely nobody could have any problems with that.
Harrison ford was"the man against the world.
In chain reaction,keanu reeves isn't alone.
We don't get this.
Let's rope in that morgan to help us out.
It's not really his fault.
Pretty good,bring a friend.
Amazing,potent stuff.
Secretary general,but like any of it matters.
Why do i hate anaconda.
Let me count the ways.
He was the most likable character in the movie.
I'm trying to work.
As for the plot,i'm still trying to find one.
All the old-guy double agents looked the same.
I can't blame the actors,though.
Of public fear of snakes.
Comments,flames,anyone.
Uhhm,my question is.
Did anyone bother reading this stupid script.
He was once an aspiring actor.
This film was originally titled killing mrs.
Her fellow students delight in tormenting her.
The teenagers in the movie are completely blas.
Responds his nonplussed girlfriend.
She wasn't anybody.
Man,this was one wierd movie.
The last half hour.
From then on-forget sci-fi.
The acting isn't too bad at all.
This movie could have been so much better.
You're being hunted by a dragon.
More and more as the film progresses.
Hey,i thought anna was supposed to change him.
Isn't that the whole plot.
Another one of his teeth fell out.
The bottom line-avoid this movie at all costs.
Not the slightest bit.
Tramps about in the woods.
Well,as the earthquake slowly recedes.
This movie is really stupid.
It contains several scenes of sex sans nudity.
The violence mostly consists of hunting scenes.
The clan of the cave bear is a bad movie.
I shudder to think that it could be otherwise.
Six days,seven nights is simply a waste.
So,how do we do that.
But wait,she has to have a fianc.
E;that can be david schwimmer.
But wait,if she has a fianc.
E will already have cheated on her.
I feel so good about this story.
Why didn't she know the name of the film.
I suppose she just didn't care.
I suppose i should have seen this coming.
The new rupert wainwright music video.
Look at what i can do.
I'm an ex-cellent dir-ect-or.
Sure,that makes sense.
Wainwright wants to use this time.
Thomas is so earth-shattering.
Not since the rampant bumblings of one edward d.
It's more middle ages than space age.
The kids in the hall are an acquired taste.
Cooper releases the drug into the marketplace.
The story is simple.
Emphasis on the word"presumably.
With"what is love.
Who takes an interest in an idea of theirs.
Bump unsuspecting women,and.